Maybe 'Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?' isn't a show that displays how stupid grown adults can be, but rather, a show that depicts how much useless information we teach grade schoolers that won't be retained or applicable later in life.
Every time you upvote someone, you are making their day better, at the cost of nothing.
X88B88 looks like the word voodoo reflecting off of itself.
"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"
The sinking of the Titanic must have been a miracle to the lobsters in the kitchen.
The person who would proof read Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi.
When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow
As a dishwasher, I come home after hours of work in which I get covered in filth, and I take a shower only to realize...I am the final dish
what are snails even trying to do
/r/Showerthoughts should have hot/cold tap heads as the upvote/downvote buttons
The Google self-driving car should have an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button that drives you to a random location.
I wish I had a Mario Kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so I'd know if I was running late.
On April Fools Day, Brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally
If Obama was the president of Kenya, he would be their first white president.
If Katniss and Peeta from "Hunger Games" were Hollywood celebrities, their supercouple nickname would either be Katpee or Peeniss
The iconic Alien is to us what we are to apes: small, pale, big headed, and with unfathomable technology. We even abduct them for medical experiments.
Trying to get rich by playing the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.
Being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever
I didn't exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine
in theory, there is a combination of digital 0's and 1's that would result in a video of me having a threesome with Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Watson.
The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat".
The share button on reddit should say "Spreddit"
Thanks to the Internet, I have probably seen more naked ladies than all of my ancestors combined.
Your stomach thinks all potato is mashed.
The witches from Sabrina having a cat called Salem is like a Jewish family with a cat called Auschwitz.
If Homer Simpson were a Democratic congressman from Springfield, Ohio, he'd be "Homer Simpson (D-OH)".
Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
Centaurs have two rib cages
Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we have probably never seen one at full potential.
Google maps should have a "on the way" feature to find the most convenient gas station, Starbucks, or whatever along the route to your destination.
I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is
Mars...is populated entirely by robots!
I wonder if there are any times on the clock that I have never seen.
Newborns are always crying because any discomfort is literally one of the worst things they have ever experienced.
Pornography is the only profession where amateur products can be in higher demand than professional ones.
When a pregnant woman swims, she is a human submarine.
For April Fools' Day 'The Onion' should run real news stories.
If two people on opposite sides of the world each drop a piece of bread, the Earth briefly becomes a sandwich.
instead of all the prequel and sequel movies coming out, they should start making equels - films shot in the same time period as the original film, but from an entirely different perspective
The idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds.
If you're no longer covered by your parent's health insurance, your manufacturer's warranty is over
If Hillary Clinton wins in 2016, it will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other.
Seeing as how both Batman and Ironman's only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs sure turned out to be disappointments.
Asking someone "where are you" is a recent thing. Before we had mobile phones, the only way we could talk to people is if we knew where they were.
Bisexual girls could alternatively be called "more-or-less-bians"
If you would mount garbage trucks with camera's you could weekly update google maps street view.
There should be an optional "people are sleeping" button on the microwave so stop from all the extra loud beeping.
What if every country has ninjas, but we only know about the Japanese ones because they’re rubbish?
If you view a bald eagle at the zoo, you are looking at the American symbol of freedom in captivity.
When you say the word "crisp", it moves from the back of your mouth to the front as you say it.
Using your old laptop to research buying a new one is like asking it to dig its own grave
Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches.
I wonder what my dog named me
Valve (Steam) should put machines like Coinstar in GameStop and at malls so that you can put your loose change into your Steam Wallet.
Over time, the insult "two dollar whore" has become progressively more offensive.
If I touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my front door.
Rap songs that reference dollar values won't adjust for inflation and the references will sound cheaper over time.
If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt.
It's pretty dumb that I get a new driver's license every four years and it's made out of hard plastic and I'm supposed to have my social security card for life and it's made out of paper.
Ellen should give away more stuff like Oprah and rename her show Ellen de Generous
If the word "bomb" was pronounced like "womb" and "tomb" it would be almost onomatopoeic.
Killing a spider makes the spider genetic pool sneakier and more deadly.
The real unsung hero in School Of Rock is the promoter who got about 2,000 people to a local Battle Of The Bands on a weekday morning.
We will never hear about the truly perfect crime.
1/3 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. That means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed humans.
What if the Egyptians didn't actually revere cats, but only jokingly did like we do on the internet?
There is no time I have ever thought, 'Oh awesome, iTunes opened itself.'
Lobsters are mermaids to scorpions.
If job ads say "must be fluent in Mandarin" why don't they post the entire ad in Mandarin, that way only genuinely fluent people could apply?
Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to becomes a doctor's appointment
When the North Korean citizens finally get freedom of information and internet they're going to realize the whole world was making fun of their country
If we pop bubble wrap made in China, the air that comes out is from China
When The Simpsons first aired, I was 10 years old, the same age as Bart. Today, I am Homer's age.
I am just a penis. The rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises.
For most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. Then we got rid of the horse.
People born on 07/07/07 turned 7 today!
What if the lottery is an Institution to catch Time Travelers?
As a woman pregnant with a baby boy, I'm literally growing a penis
Everybody gives the movie "signs" shit for having aliens that invade a planet that is 70% water and deadly to them, but we are trying to colonize mars and we can't even breathe on it
Some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant/lavish things they then do with our money
In the word "scent", is it the S or the C that is silent?
To most of the girls of /r/gonewild their face is their most private part.
They should make a Shazam for bird calls where it identifies the kind of bird making the call.
The i is the center of the word "hurricane".
Jurassic Park was a cautionary tale about the dangers of underpaying IT workers
A mullet will make you a redneck and also prevent you from getting one.
"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic.
If our ass was split horizontally, it would clap when we run down the stairs.
A buttload is an actual measurement for drug smugglers.
There will never be any more people older than me than there are right now.
Pimp my Ride should do a "where are they now" episode
If you didn't know what a chicken was and ordered chicken fingers, you'd think they are huge.
The name "Cunningham" sounds perfectly normal, yet the name "Cleverpork" would be totally weird.
Maybe people don't put cats in boxes on the side of the road, they just put out an empty box and all the stray cats in the area just sit in it.
I'd actually be much more hesitant to ask my dad for $20 if he was made of money.
The word "Anna" shifted down the alphabet one letter becomes "Boob"
Orlando Bloom sounds like a WNBA team.
Childbirth is literally an emergency.
What if our use of emojis gradually becomes so extensive that we actually circle back to writing in hieroglyphics.
There's nothing wrong with taking candy from a baby, because babies shouldn't be eating candy in the first place.
Life on Earth is the cosmic equivalent of what happens when you don't store things in a cool dry place.
Imagine how terrifying horses would be if they were carnivorous.
The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew on their army knife.
Books replaced tablets over a thousand years ago.
The only time the word incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.
This is the first time I have made it through the month of October without hearing "Monster Mash" once.
I wonder if my cat thinks I just stand on the other side of my apartment's door for 10 hours a day.
Being a sexual partner of mine is a more exclusive club than being President of the United States.
Saying um is the human equivalent to buffering
They should create a teenage-version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," but instead of a million dollars, the winner gets a full scholarship to the university of their choice
Netflix should allow you to queue episodes from different tv shows, then play them in that order, like a "Thursday Night Lineup" option.
I can send someone a poop emoji, but I can't type a text with italics.
What if your whole life flashing before your eyes right before you die happens in real time? And what if we're living it right now? And what if we get deja vu because we have small moments of consciousness where we realize this all really HAS happened before?
Computer labs should flicker its lights every now and then, to remind students to save their work.
'How It's Made' should do an episode about making an episode of 'How It's Made'
Maybe "Smith" is a common surname because blacksmiths were never forced to serve in combat roles during war time.
Facebook should charge users $4.99 to block all the Ice Bucket Challenge post from your timeline, and donate all that money to ALS research.
"Strap-on" spelled backwards is "no parts".
A car with 25,000 miles on the odometor is considered low mileage. 25,000 miles is approximately the circumfrence of the earth. A low mileage car has already 'traveled around the world.'
In the Harry Potter universe, you could probably get a .gif tattooed on you.
During December Reddit should be able to purchase coal instead of gold for comments they truly hate.
I can slowly feel myself getting older by how long I have to scroll down to find my birth year on website age gates.
Because they're loud and heavily-perfumed, Abercrombie &amp; Fitch stores are ideal spots for farting.
If I were in the mafia, I'd always use a remote starter for my car
Butterfinger should host a bowl game, and invite the two teams that had the most fumbles during the regular season.
I wonder how many places I've already visited for the last time.
A group of squid should be called a squad
In the UK, a "God hates fags" sign is actually good for your health.
Caterpillars have mastered beauty sleep
Getting birthday money is the real life equivalent of passing 'Go' and collecting $200.
The woman I am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching Netflix, and there's no way I'll ever meet her.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should host a cooking show where contestants have to guess what he's cooking by smell alone.
"On your mark, Get set, Go!" Counts down in syllables 3, 2, 1.
If you re-watch Tom and Jerry as an adult, all you see is a cat trying to live his life and be good for his human whilst a violent and possibly psychotic mouse destroys the house, and physically harms Tom on a very regular basis.
The first person who copied someone was in fact very original.
Adults complaining about the younger generation are really just saying their generation did a shitty job raising their kids.
Someone who watched The Ring probably did die seven days later.
Unless you're a celebrity, Twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room.
5% of the toilet paper I use is for wiping my ass, 95% percent of it is to keep my fingers from touching shitty toilet paper.
ESPN should have a segment sponsored by Digiorno about players that didn't deliver
People who try to stop you on the street to sell stuff are the real world equivalent of online pop-ups
If you did something "like a boss," you'd probably just pay someone else to do it.
Cars should have "sorry" lights you can activate when you do something stupid.
I wonder if I've bought the clothes I'm going to die in yet
This year's Penn State graduating class will be PEN15
More Americans have been dumped by Taylor Swift than have died from Ebola.
Every person sees the world in a unique way. When someone dies it is, in a way, the death of an entire world.
When you want to make sure a piece of paper doesn't get folded, you put it in something called a folder.
I will be the last person to die in my lifetime
Non-smokers get the time smokers get for cigarette breaks at the end of their lives
The only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful.
School is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far.
If Mary had baby Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God.... Then Mary really did have a little lamb
Weird Al's career has outlived the career of most of the musicians he parodied
"Last man standing" refers to the ultimate winner in most contests but the runner-up in musical chairs.
If you were 6 inches tall, you wouldn't have any financial problems whatsoever. (hear me out)
Newly married women who hyphenate their name due to feminist ideals are ensuring that they are named after two men, their husband and their father.
Most of the Problems in my life are due to two reasons: I act without thinking, Or I think without acting.
High school is like a free trial on education. Once you've graduated, they say "now if you want to continue, pay $50,000"
Adam and Eve were the first people to agree to Apple's terms and conditions without reading them. Seriously, nobody reads them.
If humans could fly, we'd consider it exercise and never do it.
If you went back in time and killed Hitler as a baby you would be known as the time traveler who went back in time to kill a baby.
I wonder if the average headphone cable is long enough for Yao Ming to put his iPod in his pocket.
13.7 billion years of evolution through galaxies, stars, solar systems, planets and life has ultimately resulted in me masturbating in the shower while thinking about the universe.
I wonder where all the strands of hair I've lost are in the world, and what place is farthest away from me right now?
They should put dog toys in the bottom of bags of dog food.
Suitcases are terrible for carrying suits.
There should be a superhero called Placebo-Man. He doesn't actually have any superpowers at all, he's just a normal guy that everyone thinks is a superhero.
If arms manufacturers started using pig leather for gun grips, ISIS wouldn't be able to use them
Being a young adult in this generation sort of feels like stumbling upon the desolate remnants of a really great party that was absolutely kicking it for 40 years... only now there's no beer, and the pizza guy is waiting for you to pay him the 12.6 trillion you owe him.
Game reviewers should start their reviews with how many hours they played that game
I wonder how many times 'It's not rocket science' has been used as a joke at NASA.
The moment I fasten the seatbelt, I begin wearing the car
if there's a "heavens no" and a 'hell yea" why isn't there a "purgatory perhaps"
Kids born in the year 2000 will never have to worry about forgetting how old they are.
Mitch Hedberg would have been the king of Twitter
Watching the first episode of Firefly and deciding to binge-watch the rest is like getting into a relationship with someone you know will die in 24 hours.
If you had $999,999,999, you'd be the world's richest millionaire, but if you had one more dollar, you'd be the world's poorest billionaire.
We say hair when referring to lots of it but we say hairs when referring to a few.
I can transfer data from my brain to someone else's by opening my mouth and pushing air in their direction.
Due to inflation, future viewers of *Pulp Fiction* will think a 5 dollar milkshake is a cheap milkshake.
I wonder if I've ever been bitten by a mosquito that is descended from one that I failed to kill previously.
Pretty much all religious paintings are fanart of the holy text
There should be an ELI65 to help seniors around here who want to get caught up on things in the world.
Pizza delivery cars should operate like ice cream trucks and have spare pizzas you can purchase on the spot
If London gets an NFL team they should be called The Redcoats and they have to play The Patriots once a year.
A second-born twin could technically be the older of two if the first is born before, and the second is born after the end of Daylight Savings Time.
Christian Bale has played two wealthy people who represented the best and the worst, and their names were only 1 letter different: Batman and Bateman.
We eat pizza from the inside out
Willy Wonka got pretty lucky that all the winners spoke English
The first guy who ever heard a parrot speak must have freaked.
Technically speaking, the fattest person in the world is also the most 'attractive'.
If everyone on Earth died simultaneously, the Internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking and upvoting each other.
When a woman says "we are trying for a baby," she is announcing that her husband is cumming in her every night.
American football is like a turn-based strategy game while soccer is like an real-time strategy game
What if AI built to defeat the Turing test fails on purpose so we don't know how smart it really is?
I've been practicing eating my entire life and I'm still not good enough at it to not use a napkin.
Maybe "mate" is short for "inmate" and that's why Australians call each other that.
Handcuffing a deaf person who uses sign language to communicate is like gagging them
The "mac" in mac and cheese is also an acronym for "mac and cheese"
Maybe Sean Connery pronounces "S" like "sh" because that's how it's said in his name.
If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothbrush and toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend?
I wonder if centaur babies suckle from the horse-part nipples or the human-part nipples.
Netflix should have a "create-a-channel" where you can choose all kinds of shows/episodes that play randomly
Everyone actually has 3 voices, the one in your head, the one you hear when you talk and the one that everyone else hears instead.
If I die when I'm 30, that means my mid-life crisis was probably the time my brother erased my saved game in The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask.
What if the wires going to the two ear buds were different colors so it was easier to untangle
The reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught.
I was joking about inventing button-up tank tops for formal occasions. Then I realized, they're called Vests.
Why don't Villains spray paint all the bomb wires black.
Bunkbeds are essentially shelves for people
Lorde has made millions off a song about how she will never be a millionaire.
Scooby-Doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans.
When pulling up Memento, Netflix should always give you the option to "resume". Think of all the people it would mess with.
We should have 13 months in a year instead of 12
Considering how big the universe is, there are probably space battles going on somewhere right now.
When you're a kid, dick jokes are considered adult content, but when you're an adult they're considered immature.
How far back in history do you have to go before it's considered archaeology instead of grave robbing?
Once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet
If I'm lucky, my internal organs will never see the light of day.
People who say "Don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites
I don't post links on reddit because all the interesting things I find on the Internet are on reddit.
Fat people are most likely to be selected when playing spin the bottle
Only two days of your life are less than 24 hours long
If Germany is the fatherland and Russia is the mother land does that make WWII domestic violence?
Why was it called 'The Cosby Show' if Bill Cosby played a guy named Cliff Huxtable?
Teach a man to fish he'll pay you once, sell a man a fish and he'll pay you for a lifetime
I'm a twin. One of us were unplanned.
Earphones should have an 'in ear' sensor so your phone can pause the music when you take them off and play it again when you put them on
If Homeward Bound were filmed today, it'd probably be considered unacceptable for the animals' voices to be simple voice overs. The resulting dog-mouth CGI would probably ruin the movie.
Porn mags in the Harry Potter universe would be amazing.
Bruce Willis needs to age a bit more so Old Habits Die Hard can be filmed.
Family Guy is 90% Seth MacFarlane talking to himself
If Reddit shut down for a month, sites like BuzzFeed would have no idea what to do for content.
You can spell "LIFE" within the letter "E"
The only reason you think items were made better in the past (e.g. "They don't make them like they used to") is because you don't see all the trashy cheap stuff that *didn't* survive. Only the well-made items survived.
Nikola Tesla is now best known for not being well known
Magneto could totally make Wolverine give him a blowjob and there's nothing Wolverine could do to stop it
Me talking about "my brain" is my brain talking about itself in 3rd person.
1980 is as far away as 2046.
Fish who are caught and released are like the aquatic equivalent of people who claim to have been abducted by aliens.
Dreams would be much more fun if they were multi-player servers that other sleeping people could join.
What if some people used to be able to suck their own dicks, but natural selection removed that trait because those people never did anything else.
Since a straight line only needs two points, you and I are perfectly lined up right now.
I just realized that my son's first birthday party will also be his first surprise party since there's NO WAY he's expecting it.
An option on Netflix to watch the trailer of the movie would help out on deciding what to watch
Deleting a comment should only delete your name from the comment
If the movie "Yes Man" was instead "Yes Woman" it probably would have just been a porno.
If facebook added an anonymous dislike button, there would be a lot less garbage on our newsfeeds.
Monopoly is only made by one company
Being able to scratch my balls as thoroughly and as often as I wanted (in public) would be a seriously underrated perk of telekinesis.
In order to fall asleep, you have to pretend to be asleep.
How much fun it would be to own a lightsabre in a zombie apocalypse
My genitals have seen less direct sunlight than many deep sea creatures.
All our pets might have Stockholm syndrome.
When a British person says they have a bloody nose, it sounds like they're angry at the fact that they have a nose.
Amputees with prosthetic legs can use the phrase "I stand corrected" literally.
If 7 billion competed in a single elimination rock paper scissor tournament, the winner would have only won 33 times in a row.
"#1 Dad/Mom" presents would be a really bad idea if you had gay parents.
The Star Wars title crawls are still floating through space.
People who buy $60 games are the beta-testers for those of us who buy $10 games.
If I were a serial killer I would call myself the suspense so that the suspense would literally be killing people.
'Slang' is a colloquial word for 'colloquial word'.
Steve from Blue's Clues was a social recluse that stayed in his house all day talking to his condiments.
Do I exist only because one of my ancestors was raped?
In 'How I Met Your Mother,' Ted represents how most guys see themselves. Barney represents what most guys think they would most enjoy being like. But secretly, Marshall represents the type of life most guys would be happiest living.
If I were to kill a spider in my Reeses Pieces, I would say, "Rest in Pieces, Pest in Reeses."
What if humans are sperm's way of reproducing?
What if kids loving their parents is a form of Stockholm Syndrome?
For April Fools' Day, the Hot or Not app should remove the social media aspect and just show the user a bunch of pictures (an igloo, a campfire, etc) and request each object to be identified as Hot or Not
When someone else makes you laugh in your dream, your brain came up with that joke. Of course you think it's funny.
Barack Obama's ama should have been titled "obAMA"
Maybe the placebo effect isn't real and sugar pills are actually very good at treating a variety of conditions.
If you Photoshop the basketball out of NBA action shot photographs, it just looks like a bunch of people in uniforms trying to high five but can't quite get it right.
Cars should have two horns: One is a "nice" one, the other is a "mean" one.
All the months at the end of year are 'embers' it's like the year is burning itself out...
Because of my cancer, any room I enter will then usually have an odd number of testicles present.
If Elton John dies who the fuck are we going to get to sing at his funeral?
"?!" makes a sound in my head, but I can't describe what it is.
If Breaking Bad took place entirely from Hank's perspective, his discovery about who Heisenberg really was would have been one of the best TV plot twists in recent memory.
The reason why lottery winners often go bankrupt is because all the financially-responsible people know that lottery tickets are a waste of money.
A heart shape with initials cut into the tree bark means someone went on a date with a knife.
As a kid I was taught to stop, drop, and roll like getting caught on fire would be a frequent part of my life.
People on death row should choose the endless breadsticks from olive garden as their last meal.
Someday there will be a TIL post about how the word "clockwise" came from mechanical clocks that used gears to spin arms around to show time.
If deer could speak, the females would say to the males, "Nice rack."
If you have to convert others to your religion in order to go to heaven, it is a pyramid scheme.
I wonder if I have ever eaten an egg from the same hen twice.
College is just the most expensive book club.
It would be ironic if in 2020 we elect a blind president.
If Professor Xavier ever tried to read Deadpool's mind, could he potentially break the fourth wall accidentally? Therefore discovering our world?
Does Medusa have pubes, and if so, are they snakes too?
Literally nothing is stopping me from finding all the hunting cameras in the nearby woods and running past each of them at roughly 3 AM on all fours, wearing a pig mask
Public restrooms should put whiteboards in the stalls to discourage permanent graffiti and give people something to do while they do their business.
When I was young, I couldn't use the phone when I was on the internet. Now I can't can't use the phone unless my internet is on.
Having "Birthday Sex" essentially means that you're having sex to celebrate your parents having had sex.
Having a bath is "downloading" water; having a shower is merely "streaming" it.
When we hear the hispanic soccer chat, "Olé Olé Olé Olé," the French hear, "With milk, with milk, with milk with milk!"
I wonder how much of Netflix's bandwidth is used by unconscious people.
ea is like 69 for little people
Riding in a cop car after being arrested is the exact opposite of the Cash Cab. The flashing lights are on the outside, you know the answers but don't want to say, they take you somewhere you don't want to go, and they take your cash at the end.
I wonder if the Queen of England has ever eaten a burrito
Pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left.
Every time you receive an up vote, a real person has liked what you said. Even 20 up votes is a lot of people to liked it.
The two musicians who have said the word "what?" the most are probably Lil' Jon and Beethoven.
I used to be a man in a woman's body.
Google Earth is good for finding out which of your neighbors has a pool
Using Internet Explorer to download Chrome is like the mob making people dig their own grave
If you started a cover band called "A Book" no one could judge you.
Minivans have sliding doors so children don't open them into other cars.
Most of my clothes have been to countries that I have not.
When parents get a divorce, they should have to switch houses every week so the kids don't have to.
To deaf people, cats vibrate when happy.
What if drug cartels are comprised exclusively of undercover DEA agents who don't know about each other?
Zero is plural, but 1 is singular. (0 Comments, 1 Comment)
Most people can eat the same breakfast weeks in a row, without complaint. But the same dinner for weeks? Now, that's just insanity.
The new Coke machines with the 100+ flavors should have a random button.
Self checkout should include an employee discount.
It's super ironic to read 'Fahrenheit 451' on a Kindle.
If the Civilization series reaches its 104th game, it would be called Civ CIV.
"Free WiFi" is the new "Color TV" for Motels.
It takes a whole ocean and the moon to erase my mere footstep on the sand
No two people can ever go to each others' funerals.
The use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally.
If your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox.
You're too big to ride the dog by the time you're smart enough to think to ride the dog.
Kevin Spacey gets paid more to pretend to be a politician than real ones get paid to run the country.
I wonder if I've ever eaten a crab that was caught on TV.
There should be a part in an actors imdb page that says most confused with.
About 50% of marriages end in divorce, but the other 50% end in death
The phrase "left to our own devices" has taken on a literal meaning in the 21st century.
The mods of /r/radiohead should be called "Karma Police"
To be called inconsistent, you have to be consistently inconsistent. Making you consistent.
" I never sucked his dick" can have 5 different meanings, depending on which word you stress
History classes are only going to get longer and harder as time goes on.
I wonder if Slash insists on being the top hat every single time he plays Monopoly...
Animated GIFs have revived silent film.
Reddit is a lot like high school.. I sit at home thinking of clever things to say so people think I'm cool
The future will look futuristic only because we will be trying to make it look futuristic.
If the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth.
Somebody probably has died the same night they didn't send that chain mail to 10 other people.
When you donate blood, it will flow in someone else's boner.
Colored salt would make it a lot easier to tell how much you're putting on food.
Keith Urban is a terrible name for a country music singer.
If I throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to ducks determines whether or not I'm littering.
What if Bob Ross was a serial killer, &amp; he painted the landscapes of where he hid the bodies.
Wake up earlier on weekends. Now you get to sleep in for 5 days a week instead of two.
Japan was like the Leeroy Jenkins of WWII
smoking out of a bong is one of the few singular activities that involves water, earth, wind, AND fire
In HIMYM, all Ted's girlfriend are hot because he's the one telling the story.
Some badass motherfucker in the past domesticated a fucking wolf.
If Kanye and Kim's child's name is North West, that makes Kim's vagina the Northwest Passage.
They're called Trojan condoms because they help you come inside safely.
Adam Sandler is like Tyler Perry for white people
If there's an afterlife I hope I can look up pointless things about me when I was alive like how many times I ate a certain food, my most used word, how many miles I've travelled etc.
Technically speaking, wouldn't your best friend be your worst enemy?
I wonder if I am closer to my death or my birth right now.
You wake up when you die in a dream because you don't know what happens next
The AIM "away message" was the original facebook status.
The two worst sentences you can get are life and death
There exists an area so unfathomably large that humans refer to it simply as "space"
Mothers only get a day but sharks get a whole week.
Today on 11/11, Europeans and Americans don't confuse each other about what date it is.
They should mark the last tissues in a box with red lines like they do with receipt paper.
If the wife on The Truman Show was a paid actor, does that mean the marital sex technically made her a prostitute?
When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions.
Wrong is spelled wrong in the dictionary.
If someone 50 years ago were told that there would one day only be eight planets, they would think something incredibly exciting happened.
We rescue homeless animals and shun homeless people.
My right elbow has never been touched by my right hand.
Makeup is allowed in beauty pageants yet steroids aren't allowed in sports
What if 40 year old men driving fast cars aren't going through a midlife crisis, but instead can finally afford the car they wanted when they were 20?
Master Splinter is the enemy of the Foot Clan because splinters injure feet.
I'm still it from a game of tag eight years ago.
Instead of people constantly making throwaways, why doesn't Reddit have a "post comment anonymously" feature?
Reddit should sell reddit aluminum for really bad comments, which shows more ads.
"Every single person that boarded the Titanic died" is a factually correct statement today.
There is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the Dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid.
Preferring Reddit over Facebook means you prefer the interests of strangers to that of your friends...
In the last 20 years, I won over $7300 by not buying a lottery ticket every day.
People at /r/Atheism spend more time thinking about God during their day than most theists.
You don't want a wikipedia article about your plane flight.
I probably don't know that you exist.
The word "symmetry" should be a palindrome.
A ton of people is literally 12 to 15 people.
If two mind readers read each other's mind, who's mind are they reading?
Someone cared about Butthead enough to pay for him to have braces.
If Prince William has had anal sex with Kate Middleton, she is one of the few who have ever been royally fucked in the ass.
If farts smelt nice people would ask you for the recipe eg."what did you eat to get that smell?"
"Aliens don't exist" will be the "The world is flat" of the future.
When you buy Halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid.
Reddit is a lot like "Who's Line Is It Anyways?" because quick wit comes in handy, and also because the points don't matter.
The fact that there is only a "like" and no "dislike" button on Facebook is the equivalent of Mark Zuckerberg telling you, "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all."
If it wasn't for pizza, I would never know I liked pepperoni.
What if they found Amelia Earhart's plane while looking for Malaysia Flight 370?
Car brake lights should get brighter the harder the driver is using the brakes
I wonder how often rare coincidences, like bumping into an old friend in an obscure part of the world, very nearly happen - but your tracks don't quite cross.. You could be one street away and never know
When committing a crime, you should always bring earbuds with you so when you are running away it will just look like you are out for a jog.
"Dog food lid" backwards is "Dildo of God"
You should be able to text 911 if you're in a situation where it's dangerous to make noise.
When thinking about the first time I saw my wife naked when we were in high school, I'm thinking about a 16 year old.
Netflix should have a rating system that includes, "I hate this, but I want to keep watching it."
'Supervision' sounds a lot cooler than it really is
An urge for masturbating should be called a 'fappetite'
A speed limit essentially makes it illegal for my car to exist at a certain location directly in front of my current location, at a certain time in the future.
Someone should market a prank dictionary that looks real but is missing the word "gullible".
It would make more sense if 3 had the value of 4 because the number 3 looks like half of the number 8
There are children alive in the U.S. today who have only known a black president.
Legoland should have an "i promise I'm not a pedophile" day so adults can go and enjoy the park if they don't have kids.
In Skyrim, Khajiit should have reduced fall damage, since cats always land on their feet.
Google is like CTRL+F for the entire internet.
The female equivalent of sausage fest should be called a fish market.
There should be a clock repair company with the motto "If it doesn't tick, tock to us"
When you turn thirty, your fifteen year old mistakes become fifteen year old mistakes.
The Japanese flag could actually be a pie chart of how much of Japan is Japan
If we woke up everyday as a different person and knew everything that they knew, we wouldn't know it happens.
DNA is technically an acid. That means I have the ability to shoot acid out of my dick.
Peacocks are like rave turkeys.
A date is like a sex interview.
If we ever colonize another planet how will we determine age?
If women average 20,000 words a day, and men only 7,000, even if I only listen to half of what my wife says, I still listen to her more than she could ever possibly listen to me.
The Little Mermaid is a cute story but if I were a merperson and I suddenly became a real person I'd be much more intrigued by my newfound genitals than my newfound legs.
If there really are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, Batman is reading a comic book about me.
I wonder how many times I've walked past or come into contact with a murderer.
Facebook buying reddit would make a great April fools joke.
A penis is like a progress bar for arousal.
Fake living rooms at IKEA should also have a couple in them trying to assemble IKEA furniture and fighting.
June is like Friday, July is like Saturday, and August is like Sunday
They should grow super big cucumbers so we can have pickle slices that cover our entire hamburgers.
I have no idea what I've forgotten
I live in a country where millionaires and the unemployed are likely to have the same phone.
"Arms" is another word for guns, and "guns" is another word for arms.
Aliens invaded the moon on July 20th, 1969.
I wonder if I've ever unknowingly shook hands with a murderer.
Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system.
Masturbating while watching porn is like nibbling on crackers while watching people at an all you can eat buffet.
The reason kids are more creative is their brains have less experiences to compare to, so it has to guess to understand things.
If people on a planet 65 million light years away look at earth, they see dinosaurs.
"Sat" is the past tense of "Sit" which means "Fat" should be the past tense of "Fit"
"Squawks" said backwards still sounds the same even though it's not a palindrome
If I ever start going blind, I'm not going to tell the government. I'll feel more badass being illegally blind.
Someone should make a medieval horse racing game called "Need for Steed"
I can hold my breath for the rest of my life
Its weird how it's socially acceptable to put someone else's genitals in your mouth, but eating a Dorito off the floor after a few seconds is gross. What a fucking double standard.
Everything I cook literally turns out to be shit.
If the Nazis used government funds to install those "break glass in case of emergency" axes in their buildings, then that means they were using easy access axes Axis taxes.
Spongebob and Squidward have shifts at the Krusty Krab, so other people work there too.
On new years in 2020, instead of wearing those novelty glasses in the shape of the year, people should wear no glasses.
50% of Canada is the letter 'A'
A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected.
I remember my math teacher telling me i wouldn't be able to carry a calculator with me all the time.
Some guy named frank must have been very straight forward.
Netflix asking "Are you still watching___" is like a bar tender saying you've had a little to much to drink.
When my kitten playfully tries to bite my wrist he's probably instinctively going for my hands "neck".
If Voldemort really wanted to kill harry potter the night the spell didn’t work on him he could’ve just picked him up and thrown him out a window given the fact that he was a one year old infant.
Whenever you dig up dirt or a rock, that could be the first time it has seen the sun in millions of years.
The difference between being a drop in the ocean and a unique snowflake is how cool you are.
Technically, it's impossible to skip breakfast. The first time you eat during a day is when you 'break your fast'.
Horses must be the most farted upon creatures in the whole world.
"Subaru" spelled backwards is "u r a bus".
Facebook game requests are the Jehovah's Witnesses of the Internet.
A change machine always contains the same amount of money.
All of the planets in Star Wars have the exact same gravitational pulls.
When you're alive, it's air conditioning. When you're dead, it's refrigeration.
We now pay gyms for the privilege of doing the manual labor we once had to do in order to get paid.
Reverse anger management should be a thing. Some people need to learn how to stop giving a fuck and get angry once in a while.
Why did the Empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway?
2020 is only six years away.
Why do people say "tuna fish" when they don't say "beef mammal" or "chicken bird"?
I usually take two poops a day at work, around 5 minutes each. I work 6 days a week. I get paid 13 dollars an hour. I poop for 1 hour a week. There are 52 weeks in a year. I make $676 dollars a year solely by pooping.
99% of quality posts are never actually posted because the author thinks twice before posting and says "Fuck it, I have better things to do."
The reason women seem more interested in you when you're already in a relationship is because you act more confident and naturally, since you're not trying to consciously impress them anymore.
What if Apple's Google glass competitor is called iBrowse and looks like eyebrows?
reddit gold is a bit weird. If some stranger made a good point in conversation I wouldn't give them money
I wonder when someone will make a movie or TV series with a gay lead character whose sexuality isn't important to the plot.
If anyone was given the challenge to fall asleep in 10 minutes in exchange for a million dollars, almost everyone would fail miserably.
The word 'immature' spells 'I'm mature'
Matilda is the G version of Carrie.
Babies are just a parasitic STD that, after 9months of sucking on a woman's nutrients, grows strong enough to leave the womb and instead feed on your financial resources.
If you ever drop food on yourself when going out for dinner, you can easily play it off by saying "looks like dinner's on me tonight"
If a place where the road splits is a "fork in the road", would a cul-de-sac be a spoon in the road?
Police dog is K-9 (canine). If cats were trained they would be K-10 (kitten)
I've had a 3D printer in my kitchen for about 15 years, but it only makes waffles.
If I break a bottle of wine at the supermarket, and I'm underage, they can't legally make me pay for it...
Read rhymes with lead and read rhymes with lead, but read doesn't rhyme with lead and read doesn't rhyme with lead.
If you marry someone who is the opposite of you politically, neither of you will ever have to vote because the votes would cancel each other out
The War on Drugs probably has more POW's than any actual war.
Most of us will die with a 0:1 KD ratio
The fact that the first person they suspect after someone is murdered is the spouse tells me everything I need to know about marriage.
Saying "Ebola" on a plane is the new equivalent to saying "bomb"
The word "bitch" is used to describe people of either gender who possess negative traits of the other.
Stan Lee might die any day now and I'm not mentally prepared for that
An AskReddit post is a reverse AMA
On Reddit, males see other commenters as male until proven female.
I should start a deliver company where hooters girls deliver your food, and call it "Knockers"
Every upvote you've ever gotten was given to you by someone with a life as complex and full as yours who liked your comment.
I don't understand the human race. People eat each other's assholes, but won't eat the end piece of bread in a bag
r/nofap is one big circle jerk over not jerking off
Between my drinking, language, and having sex with my wife, my life would be rated R.
I bet mailmen sometimes try to get in to the passenger's side of their cars after work.
Deviled Eggs seem like an inappropriate food for Easter.
A TV channel where all the shows are set in the same universe.
Menus should include prep times so you can order based on how much time you have to eat.
How did hamsters ever survive in the wild?
Nothing is on fire, fire is on things
There should be an anti-front page, where you can see the most downvoted posts of the day.
If we ever developed the technology to electronically send smells, the only thing anyone would ever use it for is tricking your friends into smelling your farts
Let's take a moment to appreciate that Mother Nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges.
Spacesuits are literally made to protect astronauts from nothing
Maybe fog is The Matrix having graphics card problems and is turning down the draw distance
Can Chewbacca even say Chewbacca? Shouldn't his name be something like Rawwwraaraar?
A crush is called a crush because he/she will most likely crush your feelings
American children under the age of about 7 or 8 don't know what it's like to have a white man as president.
I wonder if 50% is considered a passing grade in meteorology school?
Acquired taste is the Stockholm Syndrome of the flavor world.
I have spent well over 120,000 hours wearing pants, and therefore according to Malcolm Gladwell I am a complete master of the subject.
The number "0" is literally a portal that separates the positive and negative numbers from each other
Somewhere out there, there is a bottle of Cesar salad dressing with an expiration date of March 15th.
The phrase "I love you too" can be written as "I love you &lt;3" as well.
There should be a subreddit for road trips called "r/WeThereYet"
Humans have a 16 hour battery life
eBay is Pig Latin for be.
If Bruce Willis dies from viagra overdose, the headline will read "Bruce Willis Dies Hard"
No matter how badly you mess up Benedoozle Cumberbombs name, people will still know who you're talking about.
When you "bite down" on something, you're actually "biting up" because you can't move your top jaw
When jogging, we put on special clothes so people don't think we are running from or to something.
I wonder if I've ever synced poops with Queen Elizabeth.
If the 'Fresh Prince' had made that shot, there'd be no show.
Everyone that you see in the grocery store is buying ingredients for poop.
It's gorgeous outside today. On my drive in to work, I passed a man under the freeway overpass. No shoes, drink in his hand, talking to himself, watching the traffic roll by. I walk into my office and sit at my desk, to spend the rest of the day behind the monitor. Which one of us is really crazy?
An entire generation of teenagers who do not know every word to the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song will soon exist.
I am one half centaur.
Rappers come in two sizes, big and lil.
An organist is an organism that is an organization of organs playing the organ.
If all previous Presidents were black, Barack Obama would be the first white President
If Rand Paul were to run for President and select Paul Ryan as his running mate, their campaign ticket (ex. Obama Biden 2012) would read Paul Ryan 2016. If they went by first names it would be Rand Paul 2016.
There are 8 times a day (am/pm) where the time is sequential: 1:23, 2:34, 3:45, 4:56... and they are each 71 minutes apart..
If a homeless person were to be placed under house arrest, would he be free to go any where he wants?
If all other humans disappeared, my first indication would not be empty streets but a standstill of Reddit and Facebook.
If you watch Weezer's "Buddy Holly" video, you are experiencing 1990s nostalgia about 1970s nostalgia about 1950s nostalgia.
Our heart is a muscle that takes a lifetime to get tired.
"My entire life has led up to this moment" is always true.
If Jimmy John's wanted to open an upscale version of their restaurant, they could call it "James Johnathan's."
The opposite of an island is a lake.
Every time I put on my seat belt while driving, I am basically wearing a 2 ton, turbocharged, speed suit that helps me accelerate to 60 mph in under 6 seconds.
Beef Jerky is like a meat raisin.
I wonder how many girls I would have been interested in have checked me out and I've just walked away oblivious?
This time next month it'll be March.
You should be able to tag a snapchat nsfw when you send it, so the person who gets if knows if they can open it in public or not
Morgan Freeman's voice sounds even better in his own head.
Half of 8 is 4. Half of 8 is also 3. Half of 8 can also be 0
If you're 1 in a million, then there's 7,125 people exactly like you.
"Act naturally" is an oxymoron.
Every time you feel thirsty or hungry, it's your body letting you know that you're beginning to die
Luis Suarez should do one of those "You're not you when you're hungry" Snickers commercials
The mirror may well be the most photographed object this century.
What if Walmart was as poorly lit as Hollister.
If I punch myself in the face and it hurts...does that make me weak or strong?
'xXx' starring Vin Diesel is the hardest movie to pirate.
Why do they offer 2014 as an option when selecting your birth date? Like you're fresh out of the womb ready to join Gmail.
If you have x-ray vision, and you can see through anything, wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing?
Goats are like gift cards for 3rd world countries.
The acronym of "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee" is "Flab Slab"
If "sword" was a dirty word, it might be referred to as the "s-word".
Pixar's Cars is literally a car toon
If you are "God fearing" and believe God loves you... that sounds like an abusive relationship.
You only have problems if you care.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you. You feel more paranoid than protected?
I wish there was an app that could connect you with people that look exactly like you.
There should be an app where I can enter in my eyeglass prescription and the screen will adjust so that I don't need to wear my glasses when using my device.
All of Aladdin was a story told by the merchant to get us to buy a worthless lamp.
If you weighed 99 pounds and you ate 1 pound of bacon, you'd be 1% bacon.
The internet "sluts" doing porn have positively impacted more lives than most people ever will.
Forget "slow and steady wins the race." The real moral of The Tortoise and the Hare is that talent and skill are useless if you're lazy, irresponsible and arrogant
In the Shawshank Redemption, Red tells Andy that his hope of being a free man again is "a shitty pipe dream", he ends up escaping through a pipe full of shit.
Fish jerky is the ultimate insult to fish. First you take the fish out of the water, then you take the water out of the fish.
I could be middle aged right now because I don't know when I'm going to die.
Do people sneeze on purpose around the pope with hopes of getting blessed by him?
If someone ever invents a penis enlargement pill they could never ever sell it online because no one would believe them.
To a fish a catch and release is much like an alien abduction.
If you look at a clock, you literally see your life tick away by the second.
Why are people so conflicted about what happens after death, but rarely wonder what happens before birth, since they're likely the same states of nonexistence?
Church is just a big book club.
Shouldn't apartments be called togetherments?
Think of all the medieval chefs who were put to death for "poisoning" kings that had nut allergies.
Gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go.
Pacifiers are nipple dildos
If Anthony Weiner ran for president in 2016 and Eric Holder was his vice president, the campaign bumper stickers would say "Weiner Holder 2016".
If we elect a president that has a PhD or MD we would call him Dr. President
"Uranus is full of methane" is correct in both contexts.
The words ''womb'' and ''tomb'' are similar orthographically and phonetically, and relate to opposite ends of our life cycles.
Who invented clapping? Someone literally saw something they liked and said "I like this so much I'm going to slam my hands together."
"The sky is the limit" would be terrible advice for astronauts
If I were to turn invisible, light would pass straight through my eyes, so I'd be blind
This sub is very popular yet completely karmaless
The word 'ashtray' is pig Latin for trash.
I am as old as the universe because matter cannot be created or destroyed.
It's really dark inside you.
Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
Considering our anatomy, it makes more sense if males wore skirts and females wore pants.
That Malaysia airplane is still missing.
Brains are to people what people are to cars
The cyrillic Г(G) is the logic next step in the sequence E,F, in the alphabet
if you live in North America, my driveway is connected to yours.
When you order a slice of pizza from a pizza place, you're sharing a pizza with a group of strangers
If your child ends up murdering you, that means you gave birth to your own death
Gum is just a human chew toy
Sometimes I see an animal, and I wonder if among that species, that particular dude or girl is considered handsome.
If Santa travels faster than the speed of light to deliver all of the presents in time, what good is a reindeer with a light up nose to guide the way?
"Puffington Host" would be a great name for a marijuana-centered newspaper
Has anyone actually finished the "99 of beer on the wall" song?
If Spiderman were actually anatomically similar to a spider he would shoot web out of his ass and not his wrists.
In the Transformers movie, the auto bots said they scanned the entire internet and learned everything about the humans. Which means Optimus Prime has seen a lot of porn
/r/Showerthoughts Best of 2013 Winners!
There are thousands of people who have never heard of and therefore died winning "The Game".
Racism must be confusing to blind people.
Texting your crush is like a turn based strategy game, while calling them is like a real time strategy game.
"Only" is "one" in adverb ("-ly") form
/r/showerthoughts is like /r/woahdude for sober people
Somewhere out there, in the infinite expanse of the universe, there is a planet whose night sky has a penis constellation
Why aren't iPhone chargers called apple juice?
Drawers should be called pens and pens should be called drawers
It would be cool to see an album of all the pictures you've accidentally photobombed in public
Since cursive writing is no longer being taught in school, we can use it as secert code against upcoming generation's
A baby born today may live to see the year 2100
Every year, we unknowingly pass the anniversary of our future death.
In other people's dreams, I've met people I don't know.
What if babies cry because they they still remember their past lives, and leaving the ones they loved behind?
All microwaves should have an "after hours" setting that stops the beeper from going off when your food is ready so you don't wake anybody up while you're trying to make some Cup O' Noodles.
Celebrities should hire paparazzi to harass paparazzi and publish it all in their own faux celebrity gossip magazine.
Healthy is simply the slowest rate at which you can die.
A room gets smaller every time you paint it.
Why not make reddit skins that look like Microsoft Outlook, LotusNotes and other frequently used email software so that people could browse while at work.
9/11 was closer to the fall of the Berlin Wall than the present day
When someone says, "You just made my day", it usally makes the other person's day
Ginger was the only Spice Girl who was actually a spice.
Two people could be born at exactly the same time, but have different birthdays due to the timezones.
"Original" means either, "unlike anyone has ever done before", or "exactly how everyone used to do it".
The insides of pockets should be made of the same kind of cloth used to polish phone screens.
When you pop bubble wrap, you're releasing a bi-product of the import. Chinese air.
If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. If an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins.
"Scalping" tickets at Redskins games is especially offensive.
I wonder how many page views Google gets every day from people who just want to check if their internet is working.
Maybe the future 2015 as seen in Back to the Future 2 was a correct representation, but the making of the film series dramatically altered the space time continuum.
I really want some film maker to have an actor loudly fart in a scene but not for comedic value, but because that shit happens.
Sleep is the only thing that you fake doing in order to actually do it
I wonder if I've already worn the clothes I'm going to die in.
Given the choice between $1,000,000,000 or a single chicken wing, a dog will choose the chicken wing every time.
In the year 2020, it will be 4/20 for an entire month.
I wonder if the person that will perform my autopsy has been born yet.
If you illegally download a movie in Jamaica, does that make you a Pirate of the Caribbean?
Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world
In your lifetime you are the first one to be born and the last to die.
Dogs get taller when they sit down.
Flare guns are least effective on the 4th of July and New Year's Eve
Does a prostitute say "it's been business doing pleasure with you"?
I just looked at a picture of a brain and I was grossed out by it. My own brain doesn't like how it looks.
Facebook is a Pokedex for people.
The word "Englishman" is polite, but the word "Chinaman" is derogatory.
There is a "d" in fridge but not refrigerator.
If 9/11 had happened in June, Seven-Eleven would have been screwed.
If The wolf of wallstreet showed just 10 seconds of some family loosing their home beacause of bad investments the movie would feel totally different.
If you got a million dollars every day of your life and you lived to be 150, you still wouldn't have anywhere near as much money as Bill Gates has.
Instagram would be a great nickname for a drug dealer
The two NBA teams in states with legal weed are called the Nuggets and the Blazers...
Somewhere, a super model is having diarrhea.
On his return home, Colombus took several Native Americans with him. They should be credited with discovering Europe.
A lot of people died in order for us to know which fruits we can and cannot eat.
We contemplate so much in the shower because it's one of the few places we can't use electronic devices to distract ourselves.
If you are 19 or 23 you are both mathematically and physically in your prime.
It should be illegal for video ads to be longer than the video you're trying to watch...
Crucifixion is actually a very ironic death for a carpenter.
I guess the moral of Willy Wonka is that 4/5 children are obnoxious and should just die.
Global warming is the revenge of dinosaur ghosts because we disturbed their oily slumber.
Do caterpillars know they will be butterfly's or do they just build the cocoon and wake up like woah what happened?
If periods were a side-effect of a fertility drug, the FDA would never approve it.
Marriage proposals are weird. The proposer gets to take as long as he/she wants to determine whether they want to spend the rest of their life with someone. The proposee is expected to make a split-second decision.
If you throw ice down a street and watch it skip against the pavement you're essentially skipping stones on water but exactly the opposite.
If nudism became the social norm, I bet you'd have to shave your pubes into fun fashionable shapes
In the 2020 election we are going to see a lot of ads about having 20/20 vision (for the future).
If you have an older sibling that is the same gender as you, your parents like their name better than yours.
Pizza is always a pie chart about how much pizza is left.
Duck Dynasty is essentially Keeping Up with the Kardashians for rednecks
Raisins are nothing but grape jerky
What if most of our illnesses come from the lack of sunlight on our genitals?
Santa is actually pretty evil. Unfair labor practices, animal abuse, breaking and entering, surveillance, at least one hit and run (RIP Grandma).
If Cinderella would have taken off all her clothes by midnight, she could have stayed with the prince.
While millions of people are struggling to find water, we shit in it every morning.
Saying "What an ass." about a guy is an insult, but saying it about a girl is a compliment
If a president had a doctorate, would you still call them "Mr. President," or would you go for "Dr. President?"
We jokingly talk to our pets with random barks and meows and think nothing of it, but if our pets ever replied in random human voices or sounds we would be amazed.
People who were in their 70's when Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon grew up with trains and horses as transportation.
I will live to see the terms "the 20s", "the 30s", "the 40s", "the 50s", "the 60s", and "the 70s" have new meanings.
The letter 'b' in the word 'subtle,' is.
Most Christians are still waiting for OP to deliver.
Some trees spend hundreds of years growing just so I can wipe my ass.
Blind people don't turn the lights on at night, they just walk around in the dark.
The word "shark" looks like a shark
Fe-male would be a synonym of Iron Man
Instead of a "pearl necklace", it should be called a "chestnut".
Red Bull should team up with Buffalo Wild Wings where if you buy a 4 pack of Red Bull, you get 4 free wings. Literally: "Red Bull gives you wings."
Con Air is a movie about John Malkovich hijacking John Cusack's plane. Being John Malkovich is a movie about John Cusack hijacking John Malkovich's brain.
The name Nick is a nickname.
There is probably a person, somewhere in the world, who has sucked dick for Bitcoin.
If female lunch servers are referred to as "Lunch Ladies," shouldn't male ones be called "Lunch Lords?"
The three most famous fictional government agents, (James Bond, Jack Bauer and Jason Bourne) all share the same initials
Imagine how much more slutty girl's costumes would be if Halloween was in a warmer month like July...
The alphabet doesn't need an order
The semicolon is probably now used more often in winky faces than its actual grammatical purpose.
Trademarking is the adult version of "I called it first"
The Queen of England took a shit today.
Not all starlight is the same age, some of it is millions or even billions of years apart even though it hits your eye at the same time. So the night sky isn't a single moment in the universe but rather a patchwork of time billions of years in breadth.
I Wonder what would happen if NASA's 17.5 Billion Dollar Budget was switched with the US Military budget of 683.7 Billion?
Because there's a period of my life I'm too young to remember, my older siblings have known me longer than I've known myself.
Your name is just a codeword people use to get your attention.
It's socially acceptable to say "I can't function without a cup of coffee," but not "I can't function without a glass of beer"
A trapped sneeze is pretty much 'Blue Balls' of the face.
A pregnant woman has two skeletons inside her
Books have covers specifically so we can judge them.
Clapping is just hitting yourself because you like something
When Chernobyl is finally liveable again (20,000 years), the architecture will seem incredibly strange and retro.
At least one of your ancestors has been alive on this Earth for every second life has existed. Somewhere during the Roman Empire, medieval times, building of the pyramids... your great-great-great-great...grandparent was running around. And the survival of all of them has led to you.
There is no "we" in team either.
In real life we smile with our mouth. On the internet we smile with our colon. :)
Everyone would drive much better if money collected from traffic citations was given out randomly to people driving responsibly.
80% of the letters in the word "queue" aren't pronounced.
Life never really left the water. It just evolved to carry little pools of of it around on land.
The sentence "He laughs at nothing" both describes somebody who laughs at everything, and somebody who never laughs at all.
I just realized I haven't seen a single Guy Fawkes mask today. Good job everyone
A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected.
All those Harlem Shake videos are still on Youtube
The lady who voices the standard "you've reached the voice mailbox" message... Does she record her own VM greeting or use the standard one, which is her voice?
Someday, when we've colonized Mars, the Curiosity Rover will be in a museum. On Mars.
We are all living at the bottom of an ocean of Oxygen.
"Roast Beef" and "Ice Cream" are both names of food items, but are also the cooking instructions for those food items.
i get paid to stare at a screen all day to afford to stare at a screen all night
Schrodinger's iPhone: If you drop your iPhone on the ground face down, the screen is both in tact and cracked at the same time until you look at it.
Our whole planet could just be an alien's science project that he got a C on.
The final e in finale is the finale of finale.
It's normal to call your son "son" but it's weird to call your daughter "daughter"
Eyeglasses' job is to screw up a perfect stream of input in just the right way so your messed up eyes see it as perfect.
I've fallen asleep nearly every day for 25 years, yet I have no memory of how it actually happens.
In space, everything is a stones throw away.
The word "prefix" has a prefix.
I've never seen a police officer fill up their patrol car at a gas station
My dog won't fetch balls, only rocks. Now I get excited when I spot a good rock for her, even if she's not w/ me. My dog has been training me to fetch all along...
"Star Wars" is a very uncreative name.
Threads are called threads because they are on the web
Apple should respond to Google Glass with the iPatch
We can land an RC car on the surface of Mars, but it still takes a finger up the anus to test for prostate cancer.
I wonder how many people who have signed up for reddit are now dead
Toilets should have a foot pedal to lift the seat, like trash cans.
The tallest man on the planet has been every one of your heights at at least one point in his life.
If Dr Dre ever gets into a fight or hits someone, the internet will be full of "beats by Dre" jokes
Lonely seniors in retirement homes should be introduced to reddit as we would listen to their tales of the good old days.
The more I learn, the shittier the world gets.
Religious symbols are simply marketing logos for a particular brand of God.
The word pueblo in Spanish means "village." The Pueblo Indians are literally the Village People.
They should make a tinder for orphans and parents looking to adopt...
if my dad jerked off just ONCE more in his life before my conception i wouldn't be here
Goat milk should be marketed to children with the slogan "Kids love it!"
The first person to have twins must have been so confused
Hitler masturbated.
I would know alot more about WW1 if WW2 never happened
Weird Al should redo Pharrell Williams' hit as "Crappy"
A net is a flaccid cage. A cage is an erect net.
The more advanced CGI becomes, the less dependable video evidence will be.
I'm nobody now, but if I went back in time 500 years, I'd be the smartest man in the world, emperors and generals would kill to have a conversation with me. If I went into the future 500 years, historians and academics would fight over having me in their company.
The label on my towel says "Wash before use" - this could apply to either me or the towel.
When we make alien contact I wonder if any of our common household items will look like their genitals and forever be ruined
Veins are like silly straws for vampires
Google should collect roadkill statistics just like traffic data and create a map overlay that tells you where high risk areas of encountering animals on the road exist.
A spider has made a web right overtop of my fruit fly infested compost bin. He is almost literally spawn camping. No fair, bro.
A hug between girls is like a high five for boobs.
If you fail at suicide, you succeed at life.
Eating is killing animals and absorbing their power.
If you went to college to learn how to make dog food and your dog ate your homework, you'd get an A.
If there was an award for the most humble person on the planet, nobody would ever accept it.
If people don't recognize Clark Kent as Superman because of his glasses, does his eye doctor know his true identity?
If planet Earth is in fact the third planet from the Sun does that mean every country is a third-world country?
Is an ejaculating penis a fountain of youth?
Whenever a famous person dies, someone goes through their entry on Wikipedia and changes every "is" into a "was"
Californians don't dress like 1840s gold miners. Virginians don't wear powdered wigs like their ancestors. Floridians don't dress like Conquistadors. So why do Texans dress like cowboys?
We're the only species that pays to live on earth.
The Reddit front page is the Millenial's "morning paper."
Instead of a finale The Simpsons should just keep retiring characters as all the voice actors die. The final episode will just be shots of an empty Springfield.
When Will.I.Am dies his grave stone should say Will.I.Was
For all we know, the last human on earth might already have been born.
Pockets are probably the most underrated invention ever.
If oceanographers ever found a kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. Then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "Release the Kraken!"
I have won as many Oscars as Leonardo DiCaprio.
If I owned a copy store, I would only hire identical twins.
When Woody shook the magic 8 ball in Toy Story, was it self-aware like the other toys, and consciously generating a response?
There are too many people thinkng about Obama when they're in the shower.
If something "goes downhill" it means it worsened, but if we say things are going to go "uphill" that means it's going to get harder. There's no winning when it comes to hills.
$1000 worth of Coke is worse for you than $1000 worth of coke.
Redbox should team up with pizza shops so that we can get a movie delivered with our pizza
I woke up this morning at 4:04am and couldn't fall back asleep. I had a 404: Sleep Not Found.
There are so many Asians in the world and I never see pregnant Asian ladies.
The best part about being in a relationship with a very picky person is knowing that, at least in one thing, you are good enough.
If Hilary Clinton gets elected President, she'll work every day in the room where her husband had an affair.
If we had a dollar for every speculative year that the universe has existed we still couldn't pay off the U.S. National Debt.
Vampires are intelligent but to kill them you destroy their heart, zombies are mindless but to kill them you destroy their brain.
Whenever you paint the walls of a room, the room gets smaller, slightly.
"Hair" refers to a whole head of hair, while "hairs" refer to just a few individual hairs. "Hairs" is a plural that actually means LESS than its singular form!
Cups are only designed for use within a strong gravitational field.
I live in a society where it's socially acceptable to say "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse", but it's not actually socially acceptable to eat a horse.
what if radiation in space was designed so human's can't explore? Like in a video game when you are outside the map you die?
If I lost at Russian Roulette I wouldn't even know
0 AD was just over 2000 years ago. That's only about 30 modern lifetimes laid back-to-back.
Showerthoughts are caused by not having contact with any electronics, books, or people for ~30 minutes.
Apple sauce is just baby food that is socially acceptable for everyone to eat
What if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it?
They should call the big boxes of condoms the ANTI-Family pack.
How did a guy with a name like 'Magic Johnson' wind up an athlete and not a porn star?
Netflix should have a binge watching option that skips the intro if you're intent on spending a weekend watching every single episode of Doctor Who.
We pay money to wear advertisements for a clothing company
What if the asteroid that hit Earth and killed all the dinosaurs was a UFO .. and we're the aliens 
It's easier to make friends when you're a kid because you don't have any interests yet, so you and your friends develop interests together and bond over them. When you're an adult, you need to find people who share your already-established interests, which is extremely difficult.
Everybody is actually just a naked person in disguise.
Harry Potter fans who have only seen the movies have no idea who Peeves is.
Avogadro makes mole. Avocados make guacamole.
Death is your last first experience.
I wonder how many times I ate eggs that came from a chicken I ate
Having random boners as a teenager is like having a Pokemon that is too high of a level to control.
Up voting something that has already made it to the front page is like giving Bill gates a dollar.
Helen Keller would have probably been completely immune to flash-bang grenades.
A cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber.
A lot of innocent chefs in Medieval times must have been executed because the King's food taster had allergies, which they wouldn't have understood.
If there was an alien race whose morality is inverted (our good is their bad) and we ever make contact we'd try to be nice to them but they'll get pissed off and react to our behavior, but we will just think they're being nice too.
Saying "a ton of fat people" could just mean "several fat people".
CzechsMix would be a great domain name for a Czechoslovakian dating website.
I might have ejaculated a genius.
Bats must be like angels to rats
If I was one of the first astronauts on Mars I would pat Curiosity rover on the head like a good dog.
The phrase "hanging up the phone" has lost its significance.
The "B" in Butt looks like a Butt whilst the "P" in Penis looks like a penis whilst the "V" in vagina looks like a vagina.
Blind people dont need to buy light bulbs
It's called your "chest" because it holds your vital organs inside
Tap dancers probably look at floors every so often and think "I'd tap that" and then chuckle to themselves.
My life is composed of a lot of hours that I wish would hurry up, just to get to a couple hours that I wish would last way longer.
There are more human nipples in the world than there are people.
Netflix should have a setting to skip the intro music for its TV series' after the first episode viewed in a single sitting.
McDonald's should create a $1, single-patty version of the Big Mac called a Lil Mac.
I wonder if a Google self driving car will require a Google+ account to operate.
About 50 yards into any lake there must be a ring of awesome skipping stones
I Wish the word palindrome was a palindrome
Going to work hungover is like playing your job on a harder difficulty.
When I'm old I will tell youngsters about when Marijuana was illegal.
Pun intended is a pun on the word unintended!!
No one would know if Stephen Hawking's computer became malevolent and started changing what he was saying.
Will Ferrell and Pharrell Williams have very similar names, just reversed.
GoPro should manufacture a police body camera and name it either the GoPro 5-0 or the GoPro Popo.
If you placed a map of the US flat on the ground anywhere in the US, one spot on the map would be directly over the location it represents
I wonder how many times I've simultaneously masturbated with someone I know.
Try to change the volume of your thoughts. Its always the same.
You know what the world is missing? A celebrity animal-fucking scandal.
Instead of just looking up into the sky, you’re actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you onto the surface of the earth.
My dog probably thinks I am magical because rooms light up when I enter them.
Because of the nude photo scandal the FBI are currently actual 'Female Boob Inspectors'
It's called "cat calling" because when you call a cat they don't come to you.
Educating a child is like getting them caught up on a TV show that's been running for 14 billion years.
There's a pretty good chance that I've unwittingly come across dead people's comments when browsing somewhat older reddit threads.
My dog has no idea that Whales exist
It only takes 3 people to span the entire history of the United States.
I wonder what families own a photo of me riding the same roller coaster with them.
Labels on apples should be edible.
The word "word" is just a word for a word.
You need teeth to pronounce the word teeth.
Kids in high school typically make fun of kids who are in theater and band, yet they worship celebrities and musicians.
If the Bachelor was Mormon, the show would only be 1 episode.
What if the only reason I'm single is because I never forwarded those chain messages?
Everything is or isn't ice cream.
The word 'apart' is spelled together but means seperate. Meanwhile, 'a part' of something is spelled seperate and means together.
The NSA probably has no idea what Amish communities are doing.
Stairs are just little floors to help you get between big floors.
Kate Upton and Kate Middleton are famous. How long before we have a famous Kate Downton?
When I'm 80 years old, will people find today's pop-culture, movies and music embarrassing? "Grandad, stop playing dub-step, it's old!"
If you stumble over your cat in the dark and accidentally step on his paw, he probably thinks you're a dick, because he can see, and doesn't know that you can't.
At 5.5", the new iPhone will be bigger than the dicks of 50% of the men who own one.
I hope that when my generation is elderly that we don't sit around and play canasta but have nightly super smash bros tournaments in our retirement homes.
Someone on the planet has watched more porn than any other human
Seasonal allergies are your body telling you that it is uncomfortable with plants having sex near you
The illuminati is the worst secret society
I bet a lot more people would be on board with the draft if they just called it "Call of Duty 5: Actual Warfare"
Reddit is kinda like preschool because if you write a good comment, you get a gold star
Netflix should start a doubling as a dating website. Like, "8 singles in your area have also watched Breaking Bad for 12 straight hours."
If you go North long enough you'll be going South, but if you go West long enough you'll still be going West.
Snoop Dogg should host a cooking show called "Dogg Foodd"
From a dinosaur's perspective, we're living in a post-apocalyptic world.
if I walk west I will always be going west, but if I walk north I'll eventually be walking south.
Lithium is the worst name for a heavy metal band
If everyone stays in character all night, a halloween party is basically a highly confusing, plotless LARP game
Iceland is the best country to be in during a Zombie outbreak. It is an island, it has a small population, is energy independent, and has volcanoes for easy corpse disposal.
The bulk of people who advocate for "abstinence only" sexual education adhere to a belief system centered around the idea that a virgin can get pregnant.
I could be anyone and you'd have no idea
Eyeballs look fucking terrifying, but put it in a socket and dress it up with some lids and lashes and they become quite pretty.
Bacteria multiply by dividing.
With Guitar Hero no longer in production, my ability to play the game on Expert mode is a useless talent I'll never be able to preform again.
masturbating before the internet will become my generation's "walked over 5 miles to school in the snow"
What if the only reason we haven't actually encountered a time traveler is because this time period is awful and nobody wants to go back to it?
If Volkswagen was in the cloning industry, their slogan could be "We Double You". *German Accent*
NASCAR is just advertisements going around in circles.
I wonder how many people are actively holding a grudge against me for something I don't remember doing or saying.
Piglet was best friends with a tiger and a bear. His anxiety disorders were completely justified.
We think it's socially acceptable to all get together and drink poison on weekends
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my mouse
I wonder if I've ever paid with the same note or coin more than once.
If Star Wars REALLY happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, we might be able to watch it through a telescope right now or at some point in the future.
Camouflage is essentially America's Away colors.
Isn’t it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything and then one hand that just sits there like, “I don’t know how to hold a pencil."
Kissing is making a tunnel anus to anus
Bank robbers probably find out how much money they have stolen by watching the TV instead of counting it all out.
When you dip a French fry into ketchup you're dipping potato into tomato.
In movie, Wizard of Oz, the Tin Man and Scarecrow could've just killed the Lion and taken his heart and brain.
3 of the 5 senses are acceptable to use to express understanding. You can say "I hear that!", "I feel you!", or "Oh, I see!", but it's weird if you say "I smell you" or "I taste that, bro".
If you saw the world's first zombie in your front yard and killed it to save humanity, it would just look like you murdered somebody.
A birth certificate is effectively a baby receipt
If you were illiterate, alphabet soup would just be noodles.
Running with scissors and scissoring with runs are both bad ideas.
Tree houses force trees to hold up the corpses of their fallen brothers and let children play inside of them.
Every time you pull someone out of a car to steal it in videogames, that person wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Surely if tomatoes are fruits, then that makes ketchup a jam
If others hear your flatulence, it was so powerful that it caused bones in their heads to vibrate.
Cake is just gay bread.
There are over 7 billion people in the world and right now, not one of them can see me.
"Mac" is an acronym for "Mac and cheese"
In a decade or two Google Maps could have a "time travel" option where you can see street views from the past.
I wonder if George R.R. Martin gets invited to any weddings these days?
"you aren't" and "you're not" mean the same thing and use the same words but have different contractions.
The best liar you know, probably isn't the best liar you know.
We've named our entire galaxy after the secretions of a cow's udders.
The oldest person on earth has been alive for every birthday of every person in the world
I hit snooze to find out how my dream ends, even though I was the one making it up
Lawyers sue and tailors sew but both end up with suits.
If Oscar the Grouch had a hippie brother he'd live in the recycling bin.
I have twice as many ancestors as my Dad
The kids in the movie Jumanji didn't know how to play Jumanji. Instead of rolling the dice and taking turns as fast as possible they sat around waiting for each turns consequence to unravel.
16-year-old me would be totally disappointed by what kind of an adult I am now
To clean something you must get another thing dirty.
My mom can talk to strangers on the street with perfect ease but is suspicious of strangers on the internet. I am disturbed by the idea of talking to strangers on the street but have no problem talking to strangers on the internet.
The definitions of "man" and "human" should be swapped, so that "man" means all of us, and then the sub types of man are wo-man and hu-man.
Keyboards should have a removable crumb tray like toasters so you can get all that gunk out.
"Slut" is an anagram of "lust"
Netflix should have an "I'm feeling lucky" button that shows a random movie/TV show
Fewer people have stood in my shower than have been in space.
Please don't create a twitter account that tweets these posts, we don't want this sub to get flooded with teenagers.
FedEx should hire DMX for a series of commercials. He could sing X-Gon' Give it to Ya while he's delivering packages door to door.
From the viewpoint of the Simpsons characters, Itchy And Scratchy has hyperrealistic animation.
Somewhere in the world, there is a specific location where I'm going to die... I wonder how many times I've been there..
If the 9/11 attacks had instead occurred on April 20th, nobody would ever say "4/20 blaze it"
You could create a company called "The Leading Brand" to screw with commercials.
Salt is just a rock that we find tasty.
Guns are basically just an advanced way for people to throw rocks at each other.
If you get straight to the point, you are described as blunt.
Remember 100 years ago when owning a horse was commonplace but owning a car was a luxury? Now it's reversed.
Is gay marriage legal during the purge?
Youtube should add a feature whereby a bar shows the viewer the average time previous viewers made it through the video
I wonder if my cat thinks my plant did something wrong when I mist it with a spray bottle
Shaving your head is the "You can't fire me because I quit" approach to male pattern baldness.
If you're an interracial couple that's into S&amp;M, I bet it's really hard to avoid painful historical allegories.
This is the only subreddit where it pretty much requires that you were naked when thinking of a post, but the post has nothing to do with you being naked.
What if the perfect crime actually has been committed, and no one ever heard about it because it was perfect.
In 2015, not only will we have pi day, the year at the end will make the date say "3-14-15". Plus, there will be one fleeting moment at 9:26 where the decimal places of the seconds will make the next infinite digits of pi, to go with the time and date. And it will happen twice on the same day.
I wonder how many times I walked past or made small talk with someone who was on their way to murder someone.
The reason Patrick Star is oblivious to everything is because he literally lives under a rock
Life is free to play, and it's also pay to win.
If a Redditor created their account on February 29th, does the Cake Day icon only appear every 4 years?
If we invent time travel, we could theoretically use it to preserve food. Your refrigerator would suspend food in time instead of keeping it cool.
Life has gotten way easier for horses in the last century
Saying "I think outside the box" is using a tired, worn-out cliche to claim you are an original thinker.
Drier sheets are the bay leaves of laundry
Nature Valley bars make so many crumbs because they want you to eat them outside.
Everyone gets three random wishes granted in his or her lifetime, but almost all of them are wasted on things like "I wish this light would turn green, already!" or "I wish it would stop raining."
If you enjoy having sex with transient homeless people, you're a hobosexual.
I wonder if the rate of crime drops drastically when it rains
What if Morpheus was a drug dealer, the pill was a psychedelic, and the whole movie was just Neo tripping the fuck out
If Dwayne Johnson has a son he should call him "The Pebble"
Halloween is a great day to be a burglar. You can dress in all black, wear a mask, and carry your loot around in a sack with a dollar sign on it.
At one point I was the youngest being in the entire universe and at another point will be the next being to die.
The number of people born the same year as you is always decreasing.
I talk to my dog and she talks to me, yet we will go our entire lives literally not knowing a single word that was said.
If giraffes didn't exist, they would be way less plausible than unicorns.
The space to your right is also to your left, just 24,900 miles further
We throw around the word "terrorist" like we used to throw around the word "communist".
Hey Arnold's mom isn't on the show because she probably died giving birth to him and his huge skull.
The opening letters of pimple and dimple are inverted, just like the things themselves.
Someday "Brad" will be a name for old people.
A bathtub is the opposite of a boat.
Your life is basically an interview for people to attend your funeral.
Top 40 radio sucks because the same 6 artists sing 100 songs; Christmas music sucks because 100 artists sing the same 6 songs.
It must suck to be an atheist named Christian.
Mike Judge should make a Beavis and Butt-head youtube series where they're watching and making fun of youtube videos
There should be an app that, if you a cross a state or national border, tells you what laws are different when you cross.
If we don't allow steroids in athletic competitions, why do we allow makeup in beauty competitions?
The phrase "It's all downhill from here" can mean both "It's easy the rest of the way" or "It's all going to get worse."
You should be able to park in the "expecting mothers" parking spots at the mall if you are waiting to pick up your mother.
You've never been in an empty room
"One man's junk is another man's treasure" would be a great slogan for a gay dating site
The U.S. is so young that in the distant future people will think of our current time as still the very early stages of America's birth and growth as a nation.
Maybe 'Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?' isn't a show that displays how stupid grown adults can be, but rather, a show that depicts how much useless information we teach grade schoolers that won't be retained or applicable later in life.
Every time you upvote someone, you are making their day better, at the cost of nothing.
X88B88 looks like the word voodoo reflecting off of itself.
"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"
The sinking of the Titanic must have been a miracle to the lobsters in the kitchen.
The person who would proof read Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi.
When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow
As a dishwasher, I come home after hours of work in which I get covered in filth, and I take a shower only to realize...I am the final dish
what are snails even trying to do
/r/Showerthoughts should have hot/cold tap heads as the upvote/downvote buttons
The Google self-driving car should have an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button that drives you to a random location.
I wish I had a Mario Kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so I'd know if I was running late.
On April Fools Day, Brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally
If Obama was the president of Kenya, he would be their first white president.
If Katniss and Peeta from "Hunger Games" were Hollywood celebrities, their supercouple nickname would either be Katpee or Peeniss
The iconic Alien is to us what we are to apes: small, pale, big headed, and with unfathomable technology. We even abduct them for medical experiments.
Trying to get rich by playing the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.
Being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever
I didn't exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine
in theory, there is a combination of digital 0's and 1's that would result in a video of me having a threesome with Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Watson.
The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat".
The share button on reddit should say "Spreddit"
Thanks to the Internet, I have probably seen more naked ladies than all of my ancestors combined.
Your stomach thinks all potato is mashed.
The witches from Sabrina having a cat called Salem is like a Jewish family with a cat called Auschwitz.
If Homer Simpson were a Democratic congressman from Springfield, Ohio, he'd be "Homer Simpson (D-OH)".
Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
Centaurs have two rib cages
Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we have probably never seen one at full potential.
Google maps should have a "on the way" feature to find the most convenient gas station, Starbucks, or whatever along the route to your destination.
I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is
Mars...is populated entirely by robots!
I wonder if there are any times on the clock that I have never seen.
Newborns are always crying because any discomfort is literally one of the worst things they have ever experienced.
Pornography is the only profession where amateur products can be in higher demand than professional ones.
When a pregnant woman swims, she is a human submarine.
For April Fools' Day 'The Onion' should run real news stories.
If two people on opposite sides of the world each drop a piece of bread, the Earth briefly becomes a sandwich.
instead of all the prequel and sequel movies coming out, they should start making equels - films shot in the same time period as the original film, but from an entirely different perspective
The idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds.
If you're no longer covered by your parent's health insurance, your manufacturer's warranty is over
If Hillary Clinton wins in 2016, it will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other.
Seeing as how both Batman and Ironman's only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs sure turned out to be disappointments.
Asking someone "where are you" is a recent thing. Before we had mobile phones, the only way we could talk to people is if we knew where they were.
Bisexual girls could alternatively be called "more-or-less-bians"
If you would mount garbage trucks with camera's you could weekly update google maps street view.
There should be an optional "people are sleeping" button on the microwave so stop from all the extra loud beeping.
What if every country has ninjas, but we only know about the Japanese ones because they’re rubbish?
If you view a bald eagle at the zoo, you are looking at the American symbol of freedom in captivity.
When you say the word "crisp", it moves from the back of your mouth to the front as you say it.
Using your old laptop to research buying a new one is like asking it to dig its own grave
Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches.
I wonder what my dog named me
Valve (Steam) should put machines like Coinstar in GameStop and at malls so that you can put your loose change into your Steam Wallet.
Over time, the insult "two dollar whore" has become progressively more offensive.
If I touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my front door.
Rap songs that reference dollar values won't adjust for inflation and the references will sound cheaper over time.
If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt.
It's pretty dumb that I get a new driver's license every four years and it's made out of hard plastic and I'm supposed to have my social security card for life and it's made out of paper.
Ellen should give away more stuff like Oprah and rename her show Ellen de Generous
If the word "bomb" was pronounced like "womb" and "tomb" it would be almost onomatopoeic.
Killing a spider makes the spider genetic pool sneakier and more deadly.
The real unsung hero in School Of Rock is the promoter who got about 2,000 people to a local Battle Of The Bands on a weekday morning.
We will never hear about the truly perfect crime.
1/3 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. That means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed humans.
What if the Egyptians didn't actually revere cats, but only jokingly did like we do on the internet?
There is no time I have ever thought, 'Oh awesome, iTunes opened itself.'
Lobsters are mermaids to scorpions.
If job ads say "must be fluent in Mandarin" why don't they post the entire ad in Mandarin, that way only genuinely fluent people could apply?
Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to becomes a doctor's appointment
When the North Korean citizens finally get freedom of information and internet they're going to realize the whole world was making fun of their country
If we pop bubble wrap made in China, the air that comes out is from China
When The Simpsons first aired, I was 10 years old, the same age as Bart. Today, I am Homer's age.
I am just a penis. The rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises.
For most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. Then we got rid of the horse.
People born on 07/07/07 turned 7 today!
What if the lottery is an Institution to catch Time Travelers?
As a woman pregnant with a baby boy, I'm literally growing a penis
Everybody gives the movie "signs" shit for having aliens that invade a planet that is 70% water and deadly to them, but we are trying to colonize mars and we can't even breathe on it
Some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant/lavish things they then do with our money
In the word "scent", is it the S or the C that is silent?
To most of the girls of /r/gonewild their face is their most private part.
They should make a Shazam for bird calls where it identifies the kind of bird making the call.
The i is the center of the word "hurricane".
Jurassic Park was a cautionary tale about the dangers of underpaying IT workers
A mullet will make you a redneck and also prevent you from getting one.
"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic.
If our ass was split horizontally, it would clap when we run down the stairs.
A buttload is an actual measurement for drug smugglers.
There will never be any more people older than me than there are right now.
Pimp my Ride should do a "where are they now" episode
If you didn't know what a chicken was and ordered chicken fingers, you'd think they are huge.
The name "Cunningham" sounds perfectly normal, yet the name "Cleverpork" would be totally weird.
Maybe people don't put cats in boxes on the side of the road, they just put out an empty box and all the stray cats in the area just sit in it.
I'd actually be much more hesitant to ask my dad for $20 if he was made of money.
The word "Anna" shifted down the alphabet one letter becomes "Boob"
Orlando Bloom sounds like a WNBA team.
Childbirth is literally an emergency.
What if our use of emojis gradually becomes so extensive that we actually circle back to writing in hieroglyphics.
There's nothing wrong with taking candy from a baby, because babies shouldn't be eating candy in the first place.
Life on Earth is the cosmic equivalent of what happens when you don't store things in a cool dry place.
Imagine how terrifying horses would be if they were carnivorous.
The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew on their army knife.
Books replaced tablets over a thousand years ago.
The only time the word incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.
This is the first time I have made it through the month of October without hearing "Monster Mash" once.
I wonder if my cat thinks I just stand on the other side of my apartment's door for 10 hours a day.
Being a sexual partner of mine is a more exclusive club than being President of the United States.
Saying um is the human equivalent to buffering
They should create a teenage-version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," but instead of a million dollars, the winner gets a full scholarship to the university of their choice
Netflix should allow you to queue episodes from different tv shows, then play them in that order, like a "Thursday Night Lineup" option.
I can send someone a poop emoji, but I can't type a text with italics.
What if your whole life flashing before your eyes right before you die happens in real time? And what if we're living it right now? And what if we get deja vu because we have small moments of consciousness where we realize this all really HAS happened before?
Computer labs should flicker its lights every now and then, to remind students to save their work.
'How It's Made' should do an episode about making an episode of 'How It's Made'
Maybe "Smith" is a common surname because blacksmiths were never forced to serve in combat roles during war time.
Facebook should charge users $4.99 to block all the Ice Bucket Challenge post from your timeline, and donate all that money to ALS research.
"Strap-on" spelled backwards is "no parts".
A car with 25,000 miles on the odometor is considered low mileage. 25,000 miles is approximately the circumfrence of the earth. A low mileage car has already 'traveled around the world.'
In the Harry Potter universe, you could probably get a .gif tattooed on you.
During December Reddit should be able to purchase coal instead of gold for comments they truly hate.
I can slowly feel myself getting older by how long I have to scroll down to find my birth year on website age gates.
Because they're loud and heavily-perfumed, Abercrombie &amp; Fitch stores are ideal spots for farting.
If I were in the mafia, I'd always use a remote starter for my car
Butterfinger should host a bowl game, and invite the two teams that had the most fumbles during the regular season.
I wonder how many places I've already visited for the last time.
A group of squid should be called a squad
In the UK, a "God hates fags" sign is actually good for your health.
Caterpillars have mastered beauty sleep
Getting birthday money is the real life equivalent of passing 'Go' and collecting $200.
The woman I am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching Netflix, and there's no way I'll ever meet her.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should host a cooking show where contestants have to guess what he's cooking by smell alone.
"On your mark, Get set, Go!" Counts down in syllables 3, 2, 1.
If you re-watch Tom and Jerry as an adult, all you see is a cat trying to live his life and be good for his human whilst a violent and possibly psychotic mouse destroys the house, and physically harms Tom on a very regular basis.
The first person who copied someone was in fact very original.
Adults complaining about the younger generation are really just saying their generation did a shitty job raising their kids.
Someone who watched The Ring probably did die seven days later.
Unless you're a celebrity, Twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room.
5% of the toilet paper I use is for wiping my ass, 95% percent of it is to keep my fingers from touching shitty toilet paper.
ESPN should have a segment sponsored by Digiorno about players that didn't deliver
People who try to stop you on the street to sell stuff are the real world equivalent of online pop-ups
If you did something "like a boss," you'd probably just pay someone else to do it.
Cars should have "sorry" lights you can activate when you do something stupid.
I wonder if I've bought the clothes I'm going to die in yet
This year's Penn State graduating class will be PEN15
More Americans have been dumped by Taylor Swift than have died from Ebola.
Every person sees the world in a unique way. When someone dies it is, in a way, the death of an entire world.
When you want to make sure a piece of paper doesn't get folded, you put it in something called a folder.
I will be the last person to die in my lifetime
Non-smokers get the time smokers get for cigarette breaks at the end of their lives
The only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful.
School is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far.
If Mary had baby Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God.... Then Mary really did have a little lamb
Weird Al's career has outlived the career of most of the musicians he parodied
"Last man standing" refers to the ultimate winner in most contests but the runner-up in musical chairs.
If you were 6 inches tall, you wouldn't have any financial problems whatsoever. (hear me out)
Newly married women who hyphenate their name due to feminist ideals are ensuring that they are named after two men, their husband and their father.
Most of the Problems in my life are due to two reasons: I act without thinking, Or I think without acting.
High school is like a free trial on education. Once you've graduated, they say "now if you want to continue, pay $50,000"
Adam and Eve were the first people to agree to Apple's terms and conditions without reading them. Seriously, nobody reads them.
If humans could fly, we'd consider it exercise and never do it.
If you went back in time and killed Hitler as a baby you would be known as the time traveler who went back in time to kill a baby.
I wonder if the average headphone cable is long enough for Yao Ming to put his iPod in his pocket.
13.7 billion years of evolution through galaxies, stars, solar systems, planets and life has ultimately resulted in me masturbating in the shower while thinking about the universe.
I wonder where all the strands of hair I've lost are in the world, and what place is farthest away from me right now?
They should put dog toys in the bottom of bags of dog food.
Suitcases are terrible for carrying suits.
There should be a superhero called Placebo-Man. He doesn't actually have any superpowers at all, he's just a normal guy that everyone thinks is a superhero.
If arms manufacturers started using pig leather for gun grips, ISIS wouldn't be able to use them
Being a young adult in this generation sort of feels like stumbling upon the desolate remnants of a really great party that was absolutely kicking it for 40 years... only now there's no beer, and the pizza guy is waiting for you to pay him the 12.6 trillion you owe him.
Game reviewers should start their reviews with how many hours they played that game
I wonder how many times 'It's not rocket science' has been used as a joke at NASA.
The moment I fasten the seatbelt, I begin wearing the car
if there's a "heavens no" and a 'hell yea" why isn't there a "purgatory perhaps"
Kids born in the year 2000 will never have to worry about forgetting how old they are.
Mitch Hedberg would have been the king of Twitter
Watching the first episode of Firefly and deciding to binge-watch the rest is like getting into a relationship with someone you know will die in 24 hours.
If you had $999,999,999, you'd be the world's richest millionaire, but if you had one more dollar, you'd be the world's poorest billionaire.
We say hair when referring to lots of it but we say hairs when referring to a few.
I can transfer data from my brain to someone else's by opening my mouth and pushing air in their direction.
Due to inflation, future viewers of *Pulp Fiction* will think a 5 dollar milkshake is a cheap milkshake.
I wonder if I've ever been bitten by a mosquito that is descended from one that I failed to kill previously.
Pretty much all religious paintings are fanart of the holy text
There should be an ELI65 to help seniors around here who want to get caught up on things in the world.
Pizza delivery cars should operate like ice cream trucks and have spare pizzas you can purchase on the spot
If London gets an NFL team they should be called The Redcoats and they have to play The Patriots once a year.
A second-born twin could technically be the older of two if the first is born before, and the second is born after the end of Daylight Savings Time.
Christian Bale has played two wealthy people who represented the best and the worst, and their names were only 1 letter different: Batman and Bateman.
We eat pizza from the inside out
Willy Wonka got pretty lucky that all the winners spoke English
The first guy who ever heard a parrot speak must have freaked.
Technically speaking, the fattest person in the world is also the most 'attractive'.
If everyone on Earth died simultaneously, the Internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking and upvoting each other.
When a woman says "we are trying for a baby," she is announcing that her husband is cumming in her every night.
American football is like a turn-based strategy game while soccer is like an real-time strategy game
What if AI built to defeat the Turing test fails on purpose so we don't know how smart it really is?
I've been practicing eating my entire life and I'm still not good enough at it to not use a napkin.
Maybe "mate" is short for "inmate" and that's why Australians call each other that.
Handcuffing a deaf person who uses sign language to communicate is like gagging them
The "mac" in mac and cheese is also an acronym for "mac and cheese"
Maybe Sean Connery pronounces "S" like "sh" because that's how it's said in his name.
If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothbrush and toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend?
I wonder if centaur babies suckle from the horse-part nipples or the human-part nipples.
Netflix should have a "create-a-channel" where you can choose all kinds of shows/episodes that play randomly
Everyone actually has 3 voices, the one in your head, the one you hear when you talk and the one that everyone else hears instead.
If I die when I'm 30, that means my mid-life crisis was probably the time my brother erased my saved game in The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask.
What if the wires going to the two ear buds were different colors so it was easier to untangle
The reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught.
I was joking about inventing button-up tank tops for formal occasions. Then I realized, they're called Vests.
Why don't Villains spray paint all the bomb wires black.
Bunkbeds are essentially shelves for people
Lorde has made millions off a song about how she will never be a millionaire.
Scooby-Doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans.
When pulling up Memento, Netflix should always give you the option to "resume". Think of all the people it would mess with.
We should have 13 months in a year instead of 12
Considering how big the universe is, there are probably space battles going on somewhere right now.
When you're a kid, dick jokes are considered adult content, but when you're an adult they're considered immature.
How far back in history do you have to go before it's considered archaeology instead of grave robbing?
Once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet
If I'm lucky, my internal organs will never see the light of day.
People who say "Don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites
I don't post links on reddit because all the interesting things I find on the Internet are on reddit.
Fat people are most likely to be selected when playing spin the bottle
Only two days of your life are less than 24 hours long
If Germany is the fatherland and Russia is the mother land does that make WWII domestic violence?
Why was it called 'The Cosby Show' if Bill Cosby played a guy named Cliff Huxtable?
Teach a man to fish he'll pay you once, sell a man a fish and he'll pay you for a lifetime
I'm a twin. One of us were unplanned.
Earphones should have an 'in ear' sensor so your phone can pause the music when you take them off and play it again when you put them on
If Homeward Bound were filmed today, it'd probably be considered unacceptable for the animals' voices to be simple voice overs. The resulting dog-mouth CGI would probably ruin the movie.
Porn mags in the Harry Potter universe would be amazing.
Bruce Willis needs to age a bit more so Old Habits Die Hard can be filmed.
Family Guy is 90% Seth MacFarlane talking to himself
If Reddit shut down for a month, sites like BuzzFeed would have no idea what to do for content.
You can spell "LIFE" within the letter "E"
The only reason you think items were made better in the past (e.g. "They don't make them like they used to") is because you don't see all the trashy cheap stuff that *didn't* survive. Only the well-made items survived.
Nikola Tesla is now best known for not being well known
Magneto could totally make Wolverine give him a blowjob and there's nothing Wolverine could do to stop it
Me talking about "my brain" is my brain talking about itself in 3rd person.
1980 is as far away as 2046.
Fish who are caught and released are like the aquatic equivalent of people who claim to have been abducted by aliens.
Dreams would be much more fun if they were multi-player servers that other sleeping people could join.
What if some people used to be able to suck their own dicks, but natural selection removed that trait because those people never did anything else.
Since a straight line only needs two points, you and I are perfectly lined up right now.
I just realized that my son's first birthday party will also be his first surprise party since there's NO WAY he's expecting it.
An option on Netflix to watch the trailer of the movie would help out on deciding what to watch
Deleting a comment should only delete your name from the comment
If the movie "Yes Man" was instead "Yes Woman" it probably would have just been a porno.
If facebook added an anonymous dislike button, there would be a lot less garbage on our newsfeeds.
Monopoly is only made by one company
Being able to scratch my balls as thoroughly and as often as I wanted (in public) would be a seriously underrated perk of telekinesis.
In order to fall asleep, you have to pretend to be asleep.
How much fun it would be to own a lightsabre in a zombie apocalypse
My genitals have seen less direct sunlight than many deep sea creatures.
All our pets might have Stockholm syndrome.
When a British person says they have a bloody nose, it sounds like they're angry at the fact that they have a nose.
Amputees with prosthetic legs can use the phrase "I stand corrected" literally.
If 7 billion competed in a single elimination rock paper scissor tournament, the winner would have only won 33 times in a row.
"#1 Dad/Mom" presents would be a really bad idea if you had gay parents.
The Star Wars title crawls are still floating through space.
People who buy $60 games are the beta-testers for those of us who buy $10 games.
If I were a serial killer I would call myself the suspense so that the suspense would literally be killing people.
'Slang' is a colloquial word for 'colloquial word'.
Steve from Blue's Clues was a social recluse that stayed in his house all day talking to his condiments.
Do I exist only because one of my ancestors was raped?
In 'How I Met Your Mother,' Ted represents how most guys see themselves. Barney represents what most guys think they would most enjoy being like. But secretly, Marshall represents the type of life most guys would be happiest living.
If I were to kill a spider in my Reeses Pieces, I would say, "Rest in Pieces, Pest in Reeses."
What if humans are sperm's way of reproducing?
What if kids loving their parents is a form of Stockholm Syndrome?
For April Fools' Day, the Hot or Not app should remove the social media aspect and just show the user a bunch of pictures (an igloo, a campfire, etc) and request each object to be identified as Hot or Not
When someone else makes you laugh in your dream, your brain came up with that joke. Of course you think it's funny.
Barack Obama's ama should have been titled "obAMA"
Maybe the placebo effect isn't real and sugar pills are actually very good at treating a variety of conditions.
If you Photoshop the basketball out of NBA action shot photographs, it just looks like a bunch of people in uniforms trying to high five but can't quite get it right.
Cars should have two horns: One is a "nice" one, the other is a "mean" one.
All the months at the end of year are 'embers' it's like the year is burning itself out...
Because of my cancer, any room I enter will then usually have an odd number of testicles present.
If Elton John dies who the fuck are we going to get to sing at his funeral?
"?!" makes a sound in my head, but I can't describe what it is.
If Breaking Bad took place entirely from Hank's perspective, his discovery about who Heisenberg really was would have been one of the best TV plot twists in recent memory.
The reason why lottery winners often go bankrupt is because all the financially-responsible people know that lottery tickets are a waste of money.
A heart shape with initials cut into the tree bark means someone went on a date with a knife.
As a kid I was taught to stop, drop, and roll like getting caught on fire would be a frequent part of my life.
People on death row should choose the endless breadsticks from olive garden as their last meal.
Someday there will be a TIL post about how the word "clockwise" came from mechanical clocks that used gears to spin arms around to show time.
If deer could speak, the females would say to the males, "Nice rack."
If you have to convert others to your religion in order to go to heaven, it is a pyramid scheme.
I wonder if I have ever eaten an egg from the same hen twice.
College is just the most expensive book club.
It would be ironic if in 2020 we elect a blind president.
If Professor Xavier ever tried to read Deadpool's mind, could he potentially break the fourth wall accidentally? Therefore discovering our world?
Does Medusa have pubes, and if so, are they snakes too?
Literally nothing is stopping me from finding all the hunting cameras in the nearby woods and running past each of them at roughly 3 AM on all fours, wearing a pig mask
Public restrooms should put whiteboards in the stalls to discourage permanent graffiti and give people something to do while they do their business.
When I was young, I couldn't use the phone when I was on the internet. Now I can't can't use the phone unless my internet is on.
Having "Birthday Sex" essentially means that you're having sex to celebrate your parents having had sex.
Having a bath is "downloading" water; having a shower is merely "streaming" it.
When we hear the hispanic soccer chat, "Olé Olé Olé Olé," the French hear, "With milk, with milk, with milk with milk!"
I wonder how much of Netflix's bandwidth is used by unconscious people.
ea is like 69 for little people
Riding in a cop car after being arrested is the exact opposite of the Cash Cab. The flashing lights are on the outside, you know the answers but don't want to say, they take you somewhere you don't want to go, and they take your cash at the end.
I wonder if the Queen of England has ever eaten a burrito
Pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left.
Every time you receive an up vote, a real person has liked what you said. Even 20 up votes is a lot of people to liked it.
The two musicians who have said the word "what?" the most are probably Lil' Jon and Beethoven.
I used to be a man in a woman's body.
Google Earth is good for finding out which of your neighbors has a pool
Using Internet Explorer to download Chrome is like the mob making people dig their own grave
If you started a cover band called "A Book" no one could judge you.
Minivans have sliding doors so children don't open them into other cars.
Most of my clothes have been to countries that I have not.
When parents get a divorce, they should have to switch houses every week so the kids don't have to.
To deaf people, cats vibrate when happy.
What if drug cartels are comprised exclusively of undercover DEA agents who don't know about each other?
Zero is plural, but 1 is singular. (0 Comments, 1 Comment)
Most people can eat the same breakfast weeks in a row, without complaint. But the same dinner for weeks? Now, that's just insanity.
The new Coke machines with the 100+ flavors should have a random button.
Self checkout should include an employee discount.
It's super ironic to read 'Fahrenheit 451' on a Kindle.
If the Civilization series reaches its 104th game, it would be called Civ CIV.
"Free WiFi" is the new "Color TV" for Motels.
It takes a whole ocean and the moon to erase my mere footstep on the sand
No two people can ever go to each others' funerals.
The use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally.
If your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox.
You're too big to ride the dog by the time you're smart enough to think to ride the dog.
Kevin Spacey gets paid more to pretend to be a politician than real ones get paid to run the country.
I wonder if I've ever eaten a crab that was caught on TV.
There should be a part in an actors imdb page that says most confused with.
About 50% of marriages end in divorce, but the other 50% end in death
The phrase "left to our own devices" has taken on a literal meaning in the 21st century.
The mods of /r/radiohead should be called "Karma Police"
To be called inconsistent, you have to be consistently inconsistent. Making you consistent.
" I never sucked his dick" can have 5 different meanings, depending on which word you stress
History classes are only going to get longer and harder as time goes on.
I wonder if Slash insists on being the top hat every single time he plays Monopoly...
Animated GIFs have revived silent film.
Reddit is a lot like high school.. I sit at home thinking of clever things to say so people think I'm cool
The future will look futuristic only because we will be trying to make it look futuristic.
If the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth.
Somebody probably has died the same night they didn't send that chain mail to 10 other people.
When you donate blood, it will flow in someone else's boner.
Colored salt would make it a lot easier to tell how much you're putting on food.
Keith Urban is a terrible name for a country music singer.
If I throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to ducks determines whether or not I'm littering.
What if Bob Ross was a serial killer, &amp; he painted the landscapes of where he hid the bodies.
Wake up earlier on weekends. Now you get to sleep in for 5 days a week instead of two.
Japan was like the Leeroy Jenkins of WWII
smoking out of a bong is one of the few singular activities that involves water, earth, wind, AND fire
In HIMYM, all Ted's girlfriend are hot because he's the one telling the story.
Some badass motherfucker in the past domesticated a fucking wolf.
If Kanye and Kim's child's name is North West, that makes Kim's vagina the Northwest Passage.
They're called Trojan condoms because they help you come inside safely.
Adam Sandler is like Tyler Perry for white people
If there's an afterlife I hope I can look up pointless things about me when I was alive like how many times I ate a certain food, my most used word, how many miles I've travelled etc.
Technically speaking, wouldn't your best friend be your worst enemy?
I wonder if I am closer to my death or my birth right now.
You wake up when you die in a dream because you don't know what happens next
The AIM "away message" was the original facebook status.
The two worst sentences you can get are life and death
There exists an area so unfathomably large that humans refer to it simply as "space"
Mothers only get a day but sharks get a whole week.
Today on 11/11, Europeans and Americans don't confuse each other about what date it is.
They should mark the last tissues in a box with red lines like they do with receipt paper.
If the wife on The Truman Show was a paid actor, does that mean the marital sex technically made her a prostitute?
When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions.
Wrong is spelled wrong in the dictionary.
If someone 50 years ago were told that there would one day only be eight planets, they would think something incredibly exciting happened.
We rescue homeless animals and shun homeless people.
My right elbow has never been touched by my right hand.
Makeup is allowed in beauty pageants yet steroids aren't allowed in sports
What if 40 year old men driving fast cars aren't going through a midlife crisis, but instead can finally afford the car they wanted when they were 20?
Master Splinter is the enemy of the Foot Clan because splinters injure feet.
I'm still it from a game of tag eight years ago.
Instead of people constantly making throwaways, why doesn't Reddit have a "post comment anonymously" feature?
Reddit should sell reddit aluminum for really bad comments, which shows more ads.
"Every single person that boarded the Titanic died" is a factually correct statement today.
There is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the Dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid.
Preferring Reddit over Facebook means you prefer the interests of strangers to that of your friends...
In the last 20 years, I won over $7300 by not buying a lottery ticket every day.
People at /r/Atheism spend more time thinking about God during their day than most theists.
You don't want a wikipedia article about your plane flight.
I probably don't know that you exist.
The word "symmetry" should be a palindrome.
A ton of people is literally 12 to 15 people.
If two mind readers read each other's mind, who's mind are they reading?
Someone cared about Butthead enough to pay for him to have braces.
If Prince William has had anal sex with Kate Middleton, she is one of the few who have ever been royally fucked in the ass.
If farts smelt nice people would ask you for the recipe eg."what did you eat to get that smell?"
"Aliens don't exist" will be the "The world is flat" of the future.
When you buy Halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid.
Reddit is a lot like "Who's Line Is It Anyways?" because quick wit comes in handy, and also because the points don't matter.
The fact that there is only a "like" and no "dislike" button on Facebook is the equivalent of Mark Zuckerberg telling you, "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all."
If it wasn't for pizza, I would never know I liked pepperoni.
What if they found Amelia Earhart's plane while looking for Malaysia Flight 370?
Car brake lights should get brighter the harder the driver is using the brakes
I wonder how often rare coincidences, like bumping into an old friend in an obscure part of the world, very nearly happen - but your tracks don't quite cross.. You could be one street away and never know
When committing a crime, you should always bring earbuds with you so when you are running away it will just look like you are out for a jog.
"Dog food lid" backwards is "Dildo of God"
You should be able to text 911 if you're in a situation where it's dangerous to make noise.
When thinking about the first time I saw my wife naked when we were in high school, I'm thinking about a 16 year old.
Netflix should have a rating system that includes, "I hate this, but I want to keep watching it."
'Supervision' sounds a lot cooler than it really is
An urge for masturbating should be called a 'fappetite'
A speed limit essentially makes it illegal for my car to exist at a certain location directly in front of my current location, at a certain time in the future.
Someone should market a prank dictionary that looks real but is missing the word "gullible".
It would make more sense if 3 had the value of 4 because the number 3 looks like half of the number 8
There are children alive in the U.S. today who have only known a black president.
Legoland should have an "i promise I'm not a pedophile" day so adults can go and enjoy the park if they don't have kids.
In Skyrim, Khajiit should have reduced fall damage, since cats always land on their feet.
Google is like CTRL+F for the entire internet.
The female equivalent of sausage fest should be called a fish market.
There should be a clock repair company with the motto "If it doesn't tick, tock to us"
When you turn thirty, your fifteen year old mistakes become fifteen year old mistakes.
The Japanese flag could actually be a pie chart of how much of Japan is Japan
If we woke up everyday as a different person and knew everything that they knew, we wouldn't know it happens.
DNA is technically an acid. That means I have the ability to shoot acid out of my dick.
Peacocks are like rave turkeys.
A date is like a sex interview.
If we ever colonize another planet how will we determine age?
If women average 20,000 words a day, and men only 7,000, even if I only listen to half of what my wife says, I still listen to her more than she could ever possibly listen to me.
The Little Mermaid is a cute story but if I were a merperson and I suddenly became a real person I'd be much more intrigued by my newfound genitals than my newfound legs.
If there really are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, Batman is reading a comic book about me.
I wonder how many times I've walked past or come into contact with a murderer.
Facebook buying reddit would make a great April fools joke.
A penis is like a progress bar for arousal.
Fake living rooms at IKEA should also have a couple in them trying to assemble IKEA furniture and fighting.
June is like Friday, July is like Saturday, and August is like Sunday
They should grow super big cucumbers so we can have pickle slices that cover our entire hamburgers.
I have no idea what I've forgotten
I live in a country where millionaires and the unemployed are likely to have the same phone.
"Arms" is another word for guns, and "guns" is another word for arms.
Aliens invaded the moon on July 20th, 1969.
I wonder if I've ever unknowingly shook hands with a murderer.
Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system.
Masturbating while watching porn is like nibbling on crackers while watching people at an all you can eat buffet.
The reason kids are more creative is their brains have less experiences to compare to, so it has to guess to understand things.
If people on a planet 65 million light years away look at earth, they see dinosaurs.
"Sat" is the past tense of "Sit" which means "Fat" should be the past tense of "Fit"
"Squawks" said backwards still sounds the same even though it's not a palindrome
If I ever start going blind, I'm not going to tell the government. I'll feel more badass being illegally blind.
Someone should make a medieval horse racing game called "Need for Steed"
I can hold my breath for the rest of my life
Its weird how it's socially acceptable to put someone else's genitals in your mouth, but eating a Dorito off the floor after a few seconds is gross. What a fucking double standard.
Everything I cook literally turns out to be shit.
If the Nazis used government funds to install those "break glass in case of emergency" axes in their buildings, then that means they were using easy access axes Axis taxes.
Spongebob and Squidward have shifts at the Krusty Krab, so other people work there too.
On new years in 2020, instead of wearing those novelty glasses in the shape of the year, people should wear no glasses.
50% of Canada is the letter 'A'
A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected.
I remember my math teacher telling me i wouldn't be able to carry a calculator with me all the time.
Some guy named frank must have been very straight forward.
Netflix asking "Are you still watching___" is like a bar tender saying you've had a little to much to drink.
When my kitten playfully tries to bite my wrist he's probably instinctively going for my hands "neck".
If Voldemort really wanted to kill harry potter the night the spell didn’t work on him he could’ve just picked him up and thrown him out a window given the fact that he was a one year old infant.
Whenever you dig up dirt or a rock, that could be the first time it has seen the sun in millions of years.
The difference between being a drop in the ocean and a unique snowflake is how cool you are.
Technically, it's impossible to skip breakfast. The first time you eat during a day is when you 'break your fast'.
Horses must be the most farted upon creatures in the whole world.
"Subaru" spelled backwards is "u r a bus".
Facebook game requests are the Jehovah's Witnesses of the Internet.
A change machine always contains the same amount of money.
All of the planets in Star Wars have the exact same gravitational pulls.
When you're alive, it's air conditioning. When you're dead, it's refrigeration.
We now pay gyms for the privilege of doing the manual labor we once had to do in order to get paid.
Reverse anger management should be a thing. Some people need to learn how to stop giving a fuck and get angry once in a while.
Why did the Empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway?
2020 is only six years away.
Why do people say "tuna fish" when they don't say "beef mammal" or "chicken bird"?
I usually take two poops a day at work, around 5 minutes each. I work 6 days a week. I get paid 13 dollars an hour. I poop for 1 hour a week. There are 52 weeks in a year. I make $676 dollars a year solely by pooping.
99% of quality posts are never actually posted because the author thinks twice before posting and says "Fuck it, I have better things to do."
The reason women seem more interested in you when you're already in a relationship is because you act more confident and naturally, since you're not trying to consciously impress them anymore.
What if Apple's Google glass competitor is called iBrowse and looks like eyebrows?
reddit gold is a bit weird. If some stranger made a good point in conversation I wouldn't give them money
I wonder when someone will make a movie or TV series with a gay lead character whose sexuality isn't important to the plot.
If anyone was given the challenge to fall asleep in 10 minutes in exchange for a million dollars, almost everyone would fail miserably.
The word 'immature' spells 'I'm mature'
Matilda is the G version of Carrie.
Babies are just a parasitic STD that, after 9months of sucking on a woman's nutrients, grows strong enough to leave the womb and instead feed on your financial resources.
If you ever drop food on yourself when going out for dinner, you can easily play it off by saying "looks like dinner's on me tonight"
If a place where the road splits is a "fork in the road", would a cul-de-sac be a spoon in the road?
Police dog is K-9 (canine). If cats were trained they would be K-10 (kitten)
I've had a 3D printer in my kitchen for about 15 years, but it only makes waffles.
If I break a bottle of wine at the supermarket, and I'm underage, they can't legally make me pay for it...
Read rhymes with lead and read rhymes with lead, but read doesn't rhyme with lead and read doesn't rhyme with lead.
If you marry someone who is the opposite of you politically, neither of you will ever have to vote because the votes would cancel each other out
The War on Drugs probably has more POW's than any actual war.
Most of us will die with a 0:1 KD ratio
The fact that the first person they suspect after someone is murdered is the spouse tells me everything I need to know about marriage.
Saying "Ebola" on a plane is the new equivalent to saying "bomb"
The word "bitch" is used to describe people of either gender who possess negative traits of the other.
Stan Lee might die any day now and I'm not mentally prepared for that
An AskReddit post is a reverse AMA
On Reddit, males see other commenters as male until proven female.
I should start a deliver company where hooters girls deliver your food, and call it "Knockers"
Every upvote you've ever gotten was given to you by someone with a life as complex and full as yours who liked your comment.
I don't understand the human race. People eat each other's assholes, but won't eat the end piece of bread in a bag
r/nofap is one big circle jerk over not jerking off
Between my drinking, language, and having sex with my wife, my life would be rated R.
I bet mailmen sometimes try to get in to the passenger's side of their cars after work.
Deviled Eggs seem like an inappropriate food for Easter.
A TV channel where all the shows are set in the same universe.
Menus should include prep times so you can order based on how much time you have to eat.
How did hamsters ever survive in the wild?
Nothing is on fire, fire is on things
There should be an anti-front page, where you can see the most downvoted posts of the day.
If we ever developed the technology to electronically send smells, the only thing anyone would ever use it for is tricking your friends into smelling your farts
Let's take a moment to appreciate that Mother Nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges.
Spacesuits are literally made to protect astronauts from nothing
Maybe fog is The Matrix having graphics card problems and is turning down the draw distance
Can Chewbacca even say Chewbacca? Shouldn't his name be something like Rawwwraaraar?
A crush is called a crush because he/she will most likely crush your feelings
American children under the age of about 7 or 8 don't know what it's like to have a white man as president.
I wonder if 50% is considered a passing grade in meteorology school?
Acquired taste is the Stockholm Syndrome of the flavor world.
I have spent well over 120,000 hours wearing pants, and therefore according to Malcolm Gladwell I am a complete master of the subject.
The number "0" is literally a portal that separates the positive and negative numbers from each other
Somewhere out there, there is a bottle of Cesar salad dressing with an expiration date of March 15th.
The phrase "I love you too" can be written as "I love you &lt;3" as well.
There should be a subreddit for road trips called "r/WeThereYet"
Humans have a 16 hour battery life
eBay is Pig Latin for be.
If Bruce Willis dies from viagra overdose, the headline will read "Bruce Willis Dies Hard"
No matter how badly you mess up Benedoozle Cumberbombs name, people will still know who you're talking about.
When you "bite down" on something, you're actually "biting up" because you can't move your top jaw
When jogging, we put on special clothes so people don't think we are running from or to something.
I wonder if I've ever synced poops with Queen Elizabeth.
If the 'Fresh Prince' had made that shot, there'd be no show.
Everyone that you see in the grocery store is buying ingredients for poop.
It's gorgeous outside today. On my drive in to work, I passed a man under the freeway overpass. No shoes, drink in his hand, talking to himself, watching the traffic roll by. I walk into my office and sit at my desk, to spend the rest of the day behind the monitor. Which one of us is really crazy?
An entire generation of teenagers who do not know every word to the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song will soon exist.
I am one half centaur.
Rappers come in two sizes, big and lil.
An organist is an organism that is an organization of organs playing the organ.
If all previous Presidents were black, Barack Obama would be the first white President
If Rand Paul were to run for President and select Paul Ryan as his running mate, their campaign ticket (ex. Obama Biden 2012) would read Paul Ryan 2016. If they went by first names it would be Rand Paul 2016.
There are 8 times a day (am/pm) where the time is sequential: 1:23, 2:34, 3:45, 4:56... and they are each 71 minutes apart..
If a homeless person were to be placed under house arrest, would he be free to go any where he wants?
If all other humans disappeared, my first indication would not be empty streets but a standstill of Reddit and Facebook.
If you watch Weezer's "Buddy Holly" video, you are experiencing 1990s nostalgia about 1970s nostalgia about 1950s nostalgia.
Our heart is a muscle that takes a lifetime to get tired.
"My entire life has led up to this moment" is always true.
If Jimmy John's wanted to open an upscale version of their restaurant, they could call it "James Johnathan's."
The opposite of an island is a lake.
Every time I put on my seat belt while driving, I am basically wearing a 2 ton, turbocharged, speed suit that helps me accelerate to 60 mph in under 6 seconds.
Beef Jerky is like a meat raisin.
I wonder how many girls I would have been interested in have checked me out and I've just walked away oblivious?
This time next month it'll be March.
You should be able to tag a snapchat nsfw when you send it, so the person who gets if knows if they can open it in public or not
Morgan Freeman's voice sounds even better in his own head.
Half of 8 is 4. Half of 8 is also 3. Half of 8 can also be 0
If you're 1 in a million, then there's 7,125 people exactly like you.
"Act naturally" is an oxymoron.
Every time you feel thirsty or hungry, it's your body letting you know that you're beginning to die
Luis Suarez should do one of those "You're not you when you're hungry" Snickers commercials
The mirror may well be the most photographed object this century.
What if Walmart was as poorly lit as Hollister.
If I punch myself in the face and it hurts...does that make me weak or strong?
'xXx' starring Vin Diesel is the hardest movie to pirate.
Why do they offer 2014 as an option when selecting your birth date? Like you're fresh out of the womb ready to join Gmail.
If you have x-ray vision, and you can see through anything, wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing?
Goats are like gift cards for 3rd world countries.
The acronym of "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee" is "Flab Slab"
If "sword" was a dirty word, it might be referred to as the "s-word".
Pixar's Cars is literally a car toon
If you are "God fearing" and believe God loves you... that sounds like an abusive relationship.
You only have problems if you care.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you. You feel more paranoid than protected?
I wish there was an app that could connect you with people that look exactly like you.
There should be an app where I can enter in my eyeglass prescription and the screen will adjust so that I don't need to wear my glasses when using my device.
All of Aladdin was a story told by the merchant to get us to buy a worthless lamp.
If you weighed 99 pounds and you ate 1 pound of bacon, you'd be 1% bacon.
The internet "sluts" doing porn have positively impacted more lives than most people ever will.
Forget "slow and steady wins the race." The real moral of The Tortoise and the Hare is that talent and skill are useless if you're lazy, irresponsible and arrogant
In the Shawshank Redemption, Red tells Andy that his hope of being a free man again is "a shitty pipe dream", he ends up escaping through a pipe full of shit.
Fish jerky is the ultimate insult to fish. First you take the fish out of the water, then you take the water out of the fish.
I could be middle aged right now because I don't know when I'm going to die.
Do people sneeze on purpose around the pope with hopes of getting blessed by him?
If someone ever invents a penis enlargement pill they could never ever sell it online because no one would believe them.
To a fish a catch and release is much like an alien abduction.
If you look at a clock, you literally see your life tick away by the second.
Why are people so conflicted about what happens after death, but rarely wonder what happens before birth, since they're likely the same states of nonexistence?
Church is just a big book club.
Shouldn't apartments be called togetherments?
Think of all the medieval chefs who were put to death for "poisoning" kings that had nut allergies.
Gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go.
Pacifiers are nipple dildos
If Anthony Weiner ran for president in 2016 and Eric Holder was his vice president, the campaign bumper stickers would say "Weiner Holder 2016".
If we elect a president that has a PhD or MD we would call him Dr. President
"Uranus is full of methane" is correct in both contexts.
The words ''womb'' and ''tomb'' are similar orthographically and phonetically, and relate to opposite ends of our life cycles.
Who invented clapping? Someone literally saw something they liked and said "I like this so much I'm going to slam my hands together."
"The sky is the limit" would be terrible advice for astronauts
If I were to turn invisible, light would pass straight through my eyes, so I'd be blind
This sub is very popular yet completely karmaless
The word 'ashtray' is pig Latin for trash.
I am as old as the universe because matter cannot be created or destroyed.
It's really dark inside you.
Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
Considering our anatomy, it makes more sense if males wore skirts and females wore pants.
That Malaysia airplane is still missing.
Brains are to people what people are to cars
The cyrillic Г(G) is the logic next step in the sequence E,F, in the alphabet
if you live in North America, my driveway is connected to yours.
When you order a slice of pizza from a pizza place, you're sharing a pizza with a group of strangers
If your child ends up murdering you, that means you gave birth to your own death
Gum is just a human chew toy
Sometimes I see an animal, and I wonder if among that species, that particular dude or girl is considered handsome.
If Santa travels faster than the speed of light to deliver all of the presents in time, what good is a reindeer with a light up nose to guide the way?
"Puffington Host" would be a great name for a marijuana-centered newspaper
Has anyone actually finished the "99 of beer on the wall" song?
If Spiderman were actually anatomically similar to a spider he would shoot web out of his ass and not his wrists.
In the Transformers movie, the auto bots said they scanned the entire internet and learned everything about the humans. Which means Optimus Prime has seen a lot of porn
/r/Showerthoughts Best of 2013 Winners!
There are thousands of people who have never heard of and therefore died winning "The Game".
Racism must be confusing to blind people.
Texting your crush is like a turn based strategy game, while calling them is like a real time strategy game.
"Only" is "one" in adverb ("-ly") form
/r/showerthoughts is like /r/woahdude for sober people
Somewhere out there, in the infinite expanse of the universe, there is a planet whose night sky has a penis constellation
Why aren't iPhone chargers called apple juice?
Drawers should be called pens and pens should be called drawers
It would be cool to see an album of all the pictures you've accidentally photobombed in public
Since cursive writing is no longer being taught in school, we can use it as secert code against upcoming generation's
A baby born today may live to see the year 2100
Every year, we unknowingly pass the anniversary of our future death.
In other people's dreams, I've met people I don't know.
What if babies cry because they they still remember their past lives, and leaving the ones they loved behind?
All microwaves should have an "after hours" setting that stops the beeper from going off when your food is ready so you don't wake anybody up while you're trying to make some Cup O' Noodles.
Celebrities should hire paparazzi to harass paparazzi and publish it all in their own faux celebrity gossip magazine.
Healthy is simply the slowest rate at which you can die.
A room gets smaller every time you paint it.
Why not make reddit skins that look like Microsoft Outlook, LotusNotes and other frequently used email software so that people could browse while at work.
9/11 was closer to the fall of the Berlin Wall than the present day
When someone says, "You just made my day", it usally makes the other person's day
Ginger was the only Spice Girl who was actually a spice.
Two people could be born at exactly the same time, but have different birthdays due to the timezones.
"Original" means either, "unlike anyone has ever done before", or "exactly how everyone used to do it".
The insides of pockets should be made of the same kind of cloth used to polish phone screens.
When you pop bubble wrap, you're releasing a bi-product of the import. Chinese air.
If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. If an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins.
"Scalping" tickets at Redskins games is especially offensive.
I wonder how many page views Google gets every day from people who just want to check if their internet is working.
Maybe the future 2015 as seen in Back to the Future 2 was a correct representation, but the making of the film series dramatically altered the space time continuum.
I really want some film maker to have an actor loudly fart in a scene but not for comedic value, but because that shit happens.
Sleep is the only thing that you fake doing in order to actually do it
I wonder if I've already worn the clothes I'm going to die in.
Given the choice between $1,000,000,000 or a single chicken wing, a dog will choose the chicken wing every time.
In the year 2020, it will be 4/20 for an entire month.
I wonder if the person that will perform my autopsy has been born yet.
If you illegally download a movie in Jamaica, does that make you a Pirate of the Caribbean?
Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world
In your lifetime you are the first one to be born and the last to die.
Dogs get taller when they sit down.
Flare guns are least effective on the 4th of July and New Year's Eve
Does a prostitute say "it's been business doing pleasure with you"?
I just looked at a picture of a brain and I was grossed out by it. My own brain doesn't like how it looks.
Facebook is a Pokedex for people.
The word "Englishman" is polite, but the word "Chinaman" is derogatory.
There is a "d" in fridge but not refrigerator.
If 9/11 had happened in June, Seven-Eleven would have been screwed.
If The wolf of wallstreet showed just 10 seconds of some family loosing their home beacause of bad investments the movie would feel totally different.
If you got a million dollars every day of your life and you lived to be 150, you still wouldn't have anywhere near as much money as Bill Gates has.
Instagram would be a great nickname for a drug dealer
The two NBA teams in states with legal weed are called the Nuggets and the Blazers...
Somewhere, a super model is having diarrhea.
On his return home, Colombus took several Native Americans with him. They should be credited with discovering Europe.
A lot of people died in order for us to know which fruits we can and cannot eat.
We contemplate so much in the shower because it's one of the few places we can't use electronic devices to distract ourselves.
If you are 19 or 23 you are both mathematically and physically in your prime.
It should be illegal for video ads to be longer than the video you're trying to watch...
Crucifixion is actually a very ironic death for a carpenter.
I guess the moral of Willy Wonka is that 4/5 children are obnoxious and should just die.
Global warming is the revenge of dinosaur ghosts because we disturbed their oily slumber.
Do caterpillars know they will be butterfly's or do they just build the cocoon and wake up like woah what happened?
If periods were a side-effect of a fertility drug, the FDA would never approve it.
Marriage proposals are weird. The proposer gets to take as long as he/she wants to determine whether they want to spend the rest of their life with someone. The proposee is expected to make a split-second decision.
If you throw ice down a street and watch it skip against the pavement you're essentially skipping stones on water but exactly the opposite.
If nudism became the social norm, I bet you'd have to shave your pubes into fun fashionable shapes
In the 2020 election we are going to see a lot of ads about having 20/20 vision (for the future).
If you have an older sibling that is the same gender as you, your parents like their name better than yours.
Pizza is always a pie chart about how much pizza is left.
Duck Dynasty is essentially Keeping Up with the Kardashians for rednecks
Raisins are nothing but grape jerky
What if most of our illnesses come from the lack of sunlight on our genitals?
Santa is actually pretty evil. Unfair labor practices, animal abuse, breaking and entering, surveillance, at least one hit and run (RIP Grandma).
If Cinderella would have taken off all her clothes by midnight, she could have stayed with the prince.
While millions of people are struggling to find water, we shit in it every morning.
Saying "What an ass." about a guy is an insult, but saying it about a girl is a compliment
If a president had a doctorate, would you still call them "Mr. President," or would you go for "Dr. President?"
We jokingly talk to our pets with random barks and meows and think nothing of it, but if our pets ever replied in random human voices or sounds we would be amazed.
People who were in their 70's when Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon grew up with trains and horses as transportation.
I will live to see the terms "the 20s", "the 30s", "the 40s", "the 50s", "the 60s", and "the 70s" have new meanings.
The letter 'b' in the word 'subtle,' is.
Most Christians are still waiting for OP to deliver.
Some trees spend hundreds of years growing just so I can wipe my ass.
Blind people don't turn the lights on at night, they just walk around in the dark.
The word "shark" looks like a shark
Fe-male would be a synonym of Iron Man
Instead of a "pearl necklace", it should be called a "chestnut".
Red Bull should team up with Buffalo Wild Wings where if you buy a 4 pack of Red Bull, you get 4 free wings. Literally: "Red Bull gives you wings."
Con Air is a movie about John Malkovich hijacking John Cusack's plane. Being John Malkovich is a movie about John Cusack hijacking John Malkovich's brain.
The name Nick is a nickname.
There is probably a person, somewhere in the world, who has sucked dick for Bitcoin.
If female lunch servers are referred to as "Lunch Ladies," shouldn't male ones be called "Lunch Lords?"
The three most famous fictional government agents, (James Bond, Jack Bauer and Jason Bourne) all share the same initials
Imagine how much more slutty girl's costumes would be if Halloween was in a warmer month like July...
The alphabet doesn't need an order
The semicolon is probably now used more often in winky faces than its actual grammatical purpose.
Trademarking is the adult version of "I called it first"
The Queen of England took a shit today.
Not all starlight is the same age, some of it is millions or even billions of years apart even though it hits your eye at the same time. So the night sky isn't a single moment in the universe but rather a patchwork of time billions of years in breadth.
I Wonder what would happen if NASA's 17.5 Billion Dollar Budget was switched with the US Military budget of 683.7 Billion?
Because there's a period of my life I'm too young to remember, my older siblings have known me longer than I've known myself.
Your name is just a codeword people use to get your attention.
It's socially acceptable to say "I can't function without a cup of coffee," but not "I can't function without a glass of beer"
A trapped sneeze is pretty much 'Blue Balls' of the face.
A pregnant woman has two skeletons inside her
Books have covers specifically so we can judge them.
Clapping is just hitting yourself because you like something
When Chernobyl is finally liveable again (20,000 years), the architecture will seem incredibly strange and retro.
At least one of your ancestors has been alive on this Earth for every second life has existed. Somewhere during the Roman Empire, medieval times, building of the pyramids... your great-great-great-great...grandparent was running around. And the survival of all of them has led to you.
There is no "we" in team either.
In real life we smile with our mouth. On the internet we smile with our colon. :)
Everyone would drive much better if money collected from traffic citations was given out randomly to people driving responsibly.
80% of the letters in the word "queue" aren't pronounced.
Life never really left the water. It just evolved to carry little pools of of it around on land.
The sentence "He laughs at nothing" both describes somebody who laughs at everything, and somebody who never laughs at all.
I just realized I haven't seen a single Guy Fawkes mask today. Good job everyone
A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected.
All those Harlem Shake videos are still on Youtube
The lady who voices the standard "you've reached the voice mailbox" message... Does she record her own VM greeting or use the standard one, which is her voice?
Someday, when we've colonized Mars, the Curiosity Rover will be in a museum. On Mars.
We are all living at the bottom of an ocean of Oxygen.
"Roast Beef" and "Ice Cream" are both names of food items, but are also the cooking instructions for those food items.
i get paid to stare at a screen all day to afford to stare at a screen all night
Schrodinger's iPhone: If you drop your iPhone on the ground face down, the screen is both in tact and cracked at the same time until you look at it.
Our whole planet could just be an alien's science project that he got a C on.
The final e in finale is the finale of finale.
It's normal to call your son "son" but it's weird to call your daughter "daughter"
Eyeglasses' job is to screw up a perfect stream of input in just the right way so your messed up eyes see it as perfect.
I've fallen asleep nearly every day for 25 years, yet I have no memory of how it actually happens.
In space, everything is a stones throw away.
The word "prefix" has a prefix.
I've never seen a police officer fill up their patrol car at a gas station
My dog won't fetch balls, only rocks. Now I get excited when I spot a good rock for her, even if she's not w/ me. My dog has been training me to fetch all along...
"Star Wars" is a very uncreative name.
Threads are called threads because they are on the web
Apple should respond to Google Glass with the iPatch
We can land an RC car on the surface of Mars, but it still takes a finger up the anus to test for prostate cancer.
I wonder how many people who have signed up for reddit are now dead
Toilets should have a foot pedal to lift the seat, like trash cans.
The tallest man on the planet has been every one of your heights at at least one point in his life.
If Dr Dre ever gets into a fight or hits someone, the internet will be full of "beats by Dre" jokes
Lonely seniors in retirement homes should be introduced to reddit as we would listen to their tales of the good old days.
The more I learn, the shittier the world gets.
Religious symbols are simply marketing logos for a particular brand of God.
The word pueblo in Spanish means "village." The Pueblo Indians are literally the Village People.
They should make a tinder for orphans and parents looking to adopt...
if my dad jerked off just ONCE more in his life before my conception i wouldn't be here
Goat milk should be marketed to children with the slogan "Kids love it!"
The first person to have twins must have been so confused
Hitler masturbated.
I would know alot more about WW1 if WW2 never happened
Weird Al should redo Pharrell Williams' hit as "Crappy"
A net is a flaccid cage. A cage is an erect net.
The more advanced CGI becomes, the less dependable video evidence will be.
I'm nobody now, but if I went back in time 500 years, I'd be the smartest man in the world, emperors and generals would kill to have a conversation with me. If I went into the future 500 years, historians and academics would fight over having me in their company.
The label on my towel says "Wash before use" - this could apply to either me or the towel.
When we make alien contact I wonder if any of our common household items will look like their genitals and forever be ruined
Veins are like silly straws for vampires
Google should collect roadkill statistics just like traffic data and create a map overlay that tells you where high risk areas of encountering animals on the road exist.
A spider has made a web right overtop of my fruit fly infested compost bin. He is almost literally spawn camping. No fair, bro.
A hug between girls is like a high five for boobs.
If you fail at suicide, you succeed at life.
Eating is killing animals and absorbing their power.
If you went to college to learn how to make dog food and your dog ate your homework, you'd get an A.
If there was an award for the most humble person on the planet, nobody would ever accept it.
If people don't recognize Clark Kent as Superman because of his glasses, does his eye doctor know his true identity?
If planet Earth is in fact the third planet from the Sun does that mean every country is a third-world country?
Is an ejaculating penis a fountain of youth?
Whenever a famous person dies, someone goes through their entry on Wikipedia and changes every "is" into a "was"
Californians don't dress like 1840s gold miners. Virginians don't wear powdered wigs like their ancestors. Floridians don't dress like Conquistadors. So why do Texans dress like cowboys?
We're the only species that pays to live on earth.
The Reddit front page is the Millenial's "morning paper."
Instead of a finale The Simpsons should just keep retiring characters as all the voice actors die. The final episode will just be shots of an empty Springfield.
When Will.I.Am dies his grave stone should say Will.I.Was
For all we know, the last human on earth might already have been born.
Pockets are probably the most underrated invention ever.
If oceanographers ever found a kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. Then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "Release the Kraken!"
I have won as many Oscars as Leonardo DiCaprio.
If I owned a copy store, I would only hire identical twins.
When Woody shook the magic 8 ball in Toy Story, was it self-aware like the other toys, and consciously generating a response?
There are too many people thinkng about Obama when they're in the shower.
If something "goes downhill" it means it worsened, but if we say things are going to go "uphill" that means it's going to get harder. There's no winning when it comes to hills.
$1000 worth of Coke is worse for you than $1000 worth of coke.
Redbox should team up with pizza shops so that we can get a movie delivered with our pizza
I woke up this morning at 4:04am and couldn't fall back asleep. I had a 404: Sleep Not Found.
There are so many Asians in the world and I never see pregnant Asian ladies.
The best part about being in a relationship with a very picky person is knowing that, at least in one thing, you are good enough.
If Hilary Clinton gets elected President, she'll work every day in the room where her husband had an affair.
If we had a dollar for every speculative year that the universe has existed we still couldn't pay off the U.S. National Debt.
Vampires are intelligent but to kill them you destroy their heart, zombies are mindless but to kill them you destroy their brain.
Whenever you paint the walls of a room, the room gets smaller, slightly.
"Hair" refers to a whole head of hair, while "hairs" refer to just a few individual hairs. "Hairs" is a plural that actually means LESS than its singular form!
Cups are only designed for use within a strong gravitational field.
I live in a society where it's socially acceptable to say "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse", but it's not actually socially acceptable to eat a horse.
what if radiation in space was designed so human's can't explore? Like in a video game when you are outside the map you die?
If I lost at Russian Roulette I wouldn't even know
0 AD was just over 2000 years ago. That's only about 30 modern lifetimes laid back-to-back.
Showerthoughts are caused by not having contact with any electronics, books, or people for ~30 minutes.
Apple sauce is just baby food that is socially acceptable for everyone to eat
What if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it?
They should call the big boxes of condoms the ANTI-Family pack.
How did a guy with a name like 'Magic Johnson' wind up an athlete and not a porn star?
Netflix should have a binge watching option that skips the intro if you're intent on spending a weekend watching every single episode of Doctor Who.
We pay money to wear advertisements for a clothing company
What if the asteroid that hit Earth and killed all the dinosaurs was a UFO .. and we're the aliens 
It's easier to make friends when you're a kid because you don't have any interests yet, so you and your friends develop interests together and bond over them. When you're an adult, you need to find people who share your already-established interests, which is extremely difficult.
Everybody is actually just a naked person in disguise.
Harry Potter fans who have only seen the movies have no idea who Peeves is.
Avogadro makes mole. Avocados make guacamole.
Death is your last first experience.
I wonder how many times I ate eggs that came from a chicken I ate
Having random boners as a teenager is like having a Pokemon that is too high of a level to control.
Up voting something that has already made it to the front page is like giving Bill gates a dollar.
Helen Keller would have probably been completely immune to flash-bang grenades.
A cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber.
A lot of innocent chefs in Medieval times must have been executed because the King's food taster had allergies, which they wouldn't have understood.
If there was an alien race whose morality is inverted (our good is their bad) and we ever make contact we'd try to be nice to them but they'll get pissed off and react to our behavior, but we will just think they're being nice too.
Saying "a ton of fat people" could just mean "several fat people".
CzechsMix would be a great domain name for a Czechoslovakian dating website.
I might have ejaculated a genius.
Bats must be like angels to rats
If I was one of the first astronauts on Mars I would pat Curiosity rover on the head like a good dog.
The phrase "hanging up the phone" has lost its significance.
The "B" in Butt looks like a Butt whilst the "P" in Penis looks like a penis whilst the "V" in vagina looks like a vagina.
Blind people dont need to buy light bulbs
It's called your "chest" because it holds your vital organs inside
Tap dancers probably look at floors every so often and think "I'd tap that" and then chuckle to themselves.
My life is composed of a lot of hours that I wish would hurry up, just to get to a couple hours that I wish would last way longer.
There are more human nipples in the world than there are people.
Netflix should have a setting to skip the intro music for its TV series' after the first episode viewed in a single sitting.
McDonald's should create a $1, single-patty version of the Big Mac called a Lil Mac.
I wonder if a Google self driving car will require a Google+ account to operate.
About 50 yards into any lake there must be a ring of awesome skipping stones
I Wish the word palindrome was a palindrome
Going to work hungover is like playing your job on a harder difficulty.
When I'm old I will tell youngsters about when Marijuana was illegal.
Pun intended is a pun on the word unintended!!
No one would know if Stephen Hawking's computer became malevolent and started changing what he was saying.
Will Ferrell and Pharrell Williams have very similar names, just reversed.
GoPro should manufacture a police body camera and name it either the GoPro 5-0 or the GoPro Popo.
If you placed a map of the US flat on the ground anywhere in the US, one spot on the map would be directly over the location it represents
I wonder how many times I've simultaneously masturbated with someone I know.
Try to change the volume of your thoughts. Its always the same.
You know what the world is missing? A celebrity animal-fucking scandal.
Instead of just looking up into the sky, you’re actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you onto the surface of the earth.
My dog probably thinks I am magical because rooms light up when I enter them.
Because of the nude photo scandal the FBI are currently actual 'Female Boob Inspectors'
It's called "cat calling" because when you call a cat they don't come to you.
Educating a child is like getting them caught up on a TV show that's been running for 14 billion years.
There's a pretty good chance that I've unwittingly come across dead people's comments when browsing somewhat older reddit threads.
My dog has no idea that Whales exist
It only takes 3 people to span the entire history of the United States.
I wonder what families own a photo of me riding the same roller coaster with them.
Labels on apples should be edible.
The word "word" is just a word for a word.
You need teeth to pronounce the word teeth.
Kids in high school typically make fun of kids who are in theater and band, yet they worship celebrities and musicians.
If the Bachelor was Mormon, the show would only be 1 episode.
What if the only reason I'm single is because I never forwarded those chain messages?
Everything is or isn't ice cream.
The word 'apart' is spelled together but means seperate. Meanwhile, 'a part' of something is spelled seperate and means together.
The NSA probably has no idea what Amish communities are doing.
Stairs are just little floors to help you get between big floors.
Kate Upton and Kate Middleton are famous. How long before we have a famous Kate Downton?
When I'm 80 years old, will people find today's pop-culture, movies and music embarrassing? "Grandad, stop playing dub-step, it's old!"
If you stumble over your cat in the dark and accidentally step on his paw, he probably thinks you're a dick, because he can see, and doesn't know that you can't.
At 5.5", the new iPhone will be bigger than the dicks of 50% of the men who own one.
I hope that when my generation is elderly that we don't sit around and play canasta but have nightly super smash bros tournaments in our retirement homes.
Someone on the planet has watched more porn than any other human
Seasonal allergies are your body telling you that it is uncomfortable with plants having sex near you
The illuminati is the worst secret society
I bet a lot more people would be on board with the draft if they just called it "Call of Duty 5: Actual Warfare"
Reddit is kinda like preschool because if you write a good comment, you get a gold star
Netflix should start a doubling as a dating website. Like, "8 singles in your area have also watched Breaking Bad for 12 straight hours."
If you go North long enough you'll be going South, but if you go West long enough you'll still be going West.
Snoop Dogg should host a cooking show called "Dogg Foodd"
From a dinosaur's perspective, we're living in a post-apocalyptic world.
if I walk west I will always be going west, but if I walk north I'll eventually be walking south.
Lithium is the worst name for a heavy metal band
If everyone stays in character all night, a halloween party is basically a highly confusing, plotless LARP game
Iceland is the best country to be in during a Zombie outbreak. It is an island, it has a small population, is energy independent, and has volcanoes for easy corpse disposal.
The bulk of people who advocate for "abstinence only" sexual education adhere to a belief system centered around the idea that a virgin can get pregnant.
I could be anyone and you'd have no idea
Eyeballs look fucking terrifying, but put it in a socket and dress it up with some lids and lashes and they become quite pretty.
Bacteria multiply by dividing.
With Guitar Hero no longer in production, my ability to play the game on Expert mode is a useless talent I'll never be able to preform again.
masturbating before the internet will become my generation's "walked over 5 miles to school in the snow"
What if the only reason we haven't actually encountered a time traveler is because this time period is awful and nobody wants to go back to it?
If Volkswagen was in the cloning industry, their slogan could be "We Double You". *German Accent*
NASCAR is just advertisements going around in circles.
I wonder how many people are actively holding a grudge against me for something I don't remember doing or saying.
Piglet was best friends with a tiger and a bear. His anxiety disorders were completely justified.
We think it's socially acceptable to all get together and drink poison on weekends
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my mouse
I wonder if I've ever paid with the same note or coin more than once.
If Star Wars REALLY happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, we might be able to watch it through a telescope right now or at some point in the future.
Camouflage is essentially America's Away colors.
Isn’t it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything and then one hand that just sits there like, “I don’t know how to hold a pencil."
Kissing is making a tunnel anus to anus
Bank robbers probably find out how much money they have stolen by watching the TV instead of counting it all out.
When you dip a French fry into ketchup you're dipping potato into tomato.
In movie, Wizard of Oz, the Tin Man and Scarecrow could've just killed the Lion and taken his heart and brain.
3 of the 5 senses are acceptable to use to express understanding. You can say "I hear that!", "I feel you!", or "Oh, I see!", but it's weird if you say "I smell you" or "I taste that, bro".
If you saw the world's first zombie in your front yard and killed it to save humanity, it would just look like you murdered somebody.
A birth certificate is effectively a baby receipt
If you were illiterate, alphabet soup would just be noodles.
Running with scissors and scissoring with runs are both bad ideas.
Tree houses force trees to hold up the corpses of their fallen brothers and let children play inside of them.
Every time you pull someone out of a car to steal it in videogames, that person wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
Surely if tomatoes are fruits, then that makes ketchup a jam
If others hear your flatulence, it was so powerful that it caused bones in their heads to vibrate.
Cake is just gay bread.
There are over 7 billion people in the world and right now, not one of them can see me.
"Mac" is an acronym for "Mac and cheese"
In a decade or two Google Maps could have a "time travel" option where you can see street views from the past.
I wonder if George R.R. Martin gets invited to any weddings these days?
"you aren't" and "you're not" mean the same thing and use the same words but have different contractions.
The best liar you know, probably isn't the best liar you know.
We've named our entire galaxy after the secretions of a cow's udders.
The oldest person on earth has been alive for every birthday of every person in the world
I hit snooze to find out how my dream ends, even though I was the one making it up
Lawyers sue and tailors sew but both end up with suits.
If Oscar the Grouch had a hippie brother he'd live in the recycling bin.
I have twice as many ancestors as my Dad
The kids in the movie Jumanji didn't know how to play Jumanji. Instead of rolling the dice and taking turns as fast as possible they sat around waiting for each turns consequence to unravel.
16-year-old me would be totally disappointed by what kind of an adult I am now
To clean something you must get another thing dirty.
My mom can talk to strangers on the street with perfect ease but is suspicious of strangers on the internet. I am disturbed by the idea of talking to strangers on the street but have no problem talking to strangers on the internet.
The definitions of "man" and "human" should be swapped, so that "man" means all of us, and then the sub types of man are wo-man and hu-man.
Keyboards should have a removable crumb tray like toasters so you can get all that gunk out.
"Slut" is an anagram of "lust"
Netflix should have an "I'm feeling lucky" button that shows a random movie/TV show
Fewer people have stood in my shower than have been in space.
Please don't create a twitter account that tweets these posts, we don't want this sub to get flooded with teenagers.
FedEx should hire DMX for a series of commercials. He could sing X-Gon' Give it to Ya while he's delivering packages door to door.
From the viewpoint of the Simpsons characters, Itchy And Scratchy has hyperrealistic animation.
Somewhere in the world, there is a specific location where I'm going to die... I wonder how many times I've been there..
If the 9/11 attacks had instead occurred on April 20th, nobody would ever say "4/20 blaze it"
You could create a company called "The Leading Brand" to screw with commercials.
Salt is just a rock that we find tasty.
Guns are basically just an advanced way for people to throw rocks at each other.
If you get straight to the point, you are described as blunt.
Remember 100 years ago when owning a horse was commonplace but owning a car was a luxury? Now it's reversed.
Is gay marriage legal during the purge?
Youtube should add a feature whereby a bar shows the viewer the average time previous viewers made it through the video
I wonder if my cat thinks my plant did something wrong when I mist it with a spray bottle
Shaving your head is the "You can't fire me because I quit" approach to male pattern baldness.
If you're an interracial couple that's into S&amp;M, I bet it's really hard to avoid painful historical allegories.
This is the only subreddit where it pretty much requires that you were naked when thinking of a post, but the post has nothing to do with you being naked.
What if the perfect crime actually has been committed, and no one ever heard about it because it was perfect.
In 2015, not only will we have pi day, the year at the end will make the date say "3-14-15". Plus, there will be one fleeting moment at 9:26 where the decimal places of the seconds will make the next infinite digits of pi, to go with the time and date. And it will happen twice on the same day.
I wonder how many times I walked past or made small talk with someone who was on their way to murder someone.
The reason Patrick Star is oblivious to everything is because he literally lives under a rock
Life is free to play, and it's also pay to win.
If a Redditor created their account on February 29th, does the Cake Day icon only appear every 4 years?
If we invent time travel, we could theoretically use it to preserve food. Your refrigerator would suspend food in time instead of keeping it cool.
Life has gotten way easier for horses in the last century
Saying "I think outside the box" is using a tired, worn-out cliche to claim you are an original thinker.
Drier sheets are the bay leaves of laundry
Nature Valley bars make so many crumbs because they want you to eat them outside.
Everyone gets three random wishes granted in his or her lifetime, but almost all of them are wasted on things like "I wish this light would turn green, already!" or "I wish it would stop raining."
If you enjoy having sex with transient homeless people, you're a hobosexual.
I wonder if the rate of crime drops drastically when it rains
What if Morpheus was a drug dealer, the pill was a psychedelic, and the whole movie was just Neo tripping the fuck out
If Dwayne Johnson has a son he should call him "The Pebble"
Halloween is a great day to be a burglar. You can dress in all black, wear a mask, and carry your loot around in a sack with a dollar sign on it.
At one point I was the youngest being in the entire universe and at another point will be the next being to die.
The number of people born the same year as you is always decreasing.
I talk to my dog and she talks to me, yet we will go our entire lives literally not knowing a single word that was said.
If giraffes didn't exist, they would be way less plausible than unicorns.
The space to your right is also to your left, just 24,900 miles further
We throw around the word "terrorist" like we used to throw around the word "communist".
Hey Arnold's mom isn't on the show because she probably died giving birth to him and his huge skull.
The opening letters of pimple and dimple are inverted, just like the things themselves.
Someday "Brad" will be a name for old people.
A bathtub is the opposite of a boat.
Your life is basically an interview for people to attend your funeral.
Top 40 radio sucks because the same 6 artists sing 100 songs; Christmas music sucks because 100 artists sing the same 6 songs.
It must suck to be an atheist named Christian.
Mike Judge should make a Beavis and Butt-head youtube series where they're watching and making fun of youtube videos
There should be an app that, if you a cross a state or national border, tells you what laws are different when you cross.
If we don't allow steroids in athletic competitions, why do we allow makeup in beauty competitions?
The phrase "It's all downhill from here" can mean both "It's easy the rest of the way" or "It's all going to get worse."
You should be able to park in the "expecting mothers" parking spots at the mall if you are waiting to pick up your mother.
You've never been in an empty room
"One man's junk is another man's treasure" would be a great slogan for a gay dating site
The U.S. is so young that in the distant future people will think of our current time as still the very early stages of America's birth and growth as a nation.
